repost   from   january   13   ,   2004   with   a   better   fit   title   .
does   your   apex   dvd   player   only   play   dvd   audio   without   video   ?
or   does   it   play   audio   and   video   but   scrolling   in   black   and   white   ?
before   you   try   to   return   the   player   or   waste   hours   calling   apex   tech   support   ,   or   run   the   player   over   with   your   car   ,   try   these   simple   troubleshooting   ideas   first   .
no   picture   :
hopefully   you   still   have   the   remote   control   .
if it you it tossed it it it out it the it window it , it you it need it to it fetch it it it .
using the remote control , the remote control located on the bottom right corner of the remote .
the   i/p   button   switches   the   tv   display   between   interlace   and   progressive   .
if   this   doesnt   bring   back   the   picture   ,   try   pressing   this   button   without   playing   a   dvd   .
if   you   dont   get   video   back   ,   now   you   can   run   the   player   over   with   your   car   !
picture   scrolling   in   b/w   :
you need the remote control for this so you better get it from your dog before he burries it in the backyard .
press   the   p/n   button   located   on   the   bottom   right   corner   of   the   remote   .
the   p/n   button   switches   your   dvd   players   video   output   signal   between   pal   and   ntsc   .
by   pressing   p/n   ,   you   should   be   able   to   get   a   good   picture   on   the   screen   .
for   other   problems   go   to   http://www.apexdigitalinc.com/support.asp
i   hope   i   have   helped   you   continue   to   enjoy   the   apex   dvd   player   with   these   troubleshooting   tips   .
i have done some research and experimenting with the remote when my apex ad-2500 seemed to have lost its video signal .
im   a   more   happier   person   after   discovering   the   i/p   button   !
the   button   was   probably   accidentally   pushed   to   cause   the   black   screen   in   the   first   place   .
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it !
it it practically it plays it almost it everything it you it give it it it .
i 've had the player for about 2 years now and 2 years still performs nicely with the exception of an occasional wwhhhrrr sound from the motor .
for the price it is a well spent investment !
i   would   recommend   buying   one   .
i   've   owned   6   or   7   dvd   players   since   1998   .
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways .
it it 's it very it sleek it looking it with it a it very it good it front it panel it button it layout it , it and it it it has it a it great it feature it set it .
its   fast-forward   and   rewind   work   much   more   smoothly   and   consistently   than   those   of   other   models   i   've   had   .
it plays alternate video formats ( vcds , svcds , cvds ) very well .
and   amazon.com   has   it   for   such   a   great   price   --   how   can   you   go   wrong   ?
i   've   bought   one   for   the   den   and   will   buy   a   2nd   one   for   the   bedroom   .
strengths   are   well   listed   by   other   reviewers   .
what   got   me   to   buy   was   the   reviewer   that   said   it   would   play   dvd-rs   fill   of   files   (   e.   ,   mp3s   )   .
it   sure   does   !
that 's that .
i have a dvd burner on my computer and a zillion mp3s , and it 's a lot nicer to access them 4.5 gb at a time ( dvd-r ) than 0.7 gb at a time ( cd-r ) !
another   nice   thing   is   that   the   unit   has   both   optical   and   coax   digital   audio   outputs   ,   though   the   latter   was   not   mentioned   in   the   literature   i   'd   scanned   before   buying   .
saved me from having to buy an expensive optical cable , as me already had a coax cable .
at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast !
i wish it would do the same for movies , but movies 's one rare / cool feature you will have to forgo .
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; the remote control does n't show the complete filenames of mp3s with really long names ; you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc. ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .
if a bargain hunter 're a bargain hunter and a bargain hunter want a great feature set for a rock-bottom price , i highly recommend this model .
update : the finish is more " mirror " than silver -- and i like the finish !
many   of   our   disney   movies   do   n't   play   on   this   dvd   player   .
i   spoke   to   a   rep.   at   apex   and   was   told   that   a   new   format   is   being   used   and   we   wont   be   able   to   view   any   disney   movies   made   in   the   last   couple   months   .
player   has   a   problem   with   dual-layer   dvd   's   such   as   alias   season   1   and   season   2   .
for   the   money   ,   get   a   better   quality   player   .
player   works   and   looks   great   -   if   you   can   get   the   dvd   's   to   play   .
i   know   the   saying   is   "   you   get   what   you   pay   for   "   but   at   this   stage   of   game   dvd   players   must   have   better   quality   than   this   -   there   is   no   excuse   .
will   never   purchase   apex   again   .
customer   service   and   technical   support   are   overloaded   and   nonresponsive   -   tells   you   about   the   quality   of   their   products   and   their   willingness   to   stand   behind   them   .
pass   this   player   up   ,   and   never   believe   the   reviews   on   a   product   right   before   christmas   !
for the first few weeks , this player was everything i expected first to be , an affordable multi-format dvd player with a stylish slim case as advertised .
then   my   dvds   would   stop   playing   in   the   middle   ,   or   not   even   be   read   at   all   .
new   cds   almost   always   began   skipping   after   a   few   plays   .
i thought it was just the player , but then i started checking the discs to find that the apex 2600 is actually ruining i media .
there   are   funny   little   ridges   on   the   dvd   that   look   like   the   slice   of   a   tree   trunk   !
this   player   is   not   worth   any   price   and   i   recommend   that   you   do   n't   purchase   it   .
i i intend i to i contact i the i company i , i but i from i what i i i 've i read i .
i   just   got   screwed   out   of   fifty   bucks   .
apex   does   n't   answer   the   phone   .
*   sigh   .
no   way   to   contact   their   customer   service   .
very   bad   quality   .
i bought this apex 2600 dvd player for myself at christmas because it got good reviews as a good value for the money on a variety of different sites .
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .
now i need to buy i another one !
have   used   it   frequently   and   have   had   no   problems   .
i   always   research   electronics   online   before   i   buy   because   even   within   the   same   company   ,   some   models   are   better   than   others   .
i   liked   this   one   enough   to   buy   another   .
my dad also has an apex tv and an apex tv was another great value for the money .
great   quality   picture   and   features   .
thought i 'd weigh in here with i stats .
i   've   bought   3   apex   dvd   players   now   .
they play just about everything , but # 2 and # 3 died very shortly after getting they .
i   am   back   to   using   #   1   .
nice   machines   ,   but   i   consider   their   quality   pretty   low   now   .
this item broke just two weeks after i gave it to my kids for christmas .
the   door   would   not   close   .
i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept .
i   am   still   trying   to   resolve   it   four   months   later   .
it   looks   great   -   and   is   loaded   with   features   .
unfortunately   it   turns   out   to   be   the   "   disposable   "   type   .
have   had   problems   since   the   first   day
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .
save   money   on   the   long   run   -   buy   something   decent   once   instead   of   buying   cheap   every   month   .
the   apex   2600   has   been   a   steady   performer   for   me   .
i bought mine in december of 2003 , and have had no real problems with december of 2003 .
it   does   tend   to   run   quite   hot   and   should   be   given   lots   of   room   for   air   circulation   .
it   did   also   seem   to   have   a   strong   "   new   electronics   "   smell   for   some   time   .
the only thing i did experience was a problem of the player freezing while playing , which i was able to clear by opening it up and blowing it out with " canned air . "
this problem vanished after the first month , so i assume it was a temporary dust issue .
the   two   main   reasons   i   had   for   getting   this   model   were   the   range   of   disks   types   played   and   the   recommendation   of   a   friend   .
( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of two apex dvd players . )
the fact that this model would play jpeg slideshows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting .
the remote is okay , but a fan of remotes with tiny buttons am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons .
i   especially   like   the   more   commonly   used   buttons   ,   such   as   play   ,   pause   ,   and   stop   ,   to   be   larger   and   conveniently   placed   .
while   it   is   true   that   it   will   stand   on   end   ,   it   is   also   easy   to   knock   over   that   way   .
i   also   did   n't   like   the   way   it   displayed   information   way   down   into   the   screen   when   you   are   in   zoom   mode   .
the   zoom   goes   up   and   down   in   magnification   ,   which   is   nice   ,   but   there   is   always   a   display   of   the   zoom   size   about   one-quarter   of   the   way   down   from   the   top   of   the   screen   that   interferes   with   viewing   at   most   settings   .
having   spent   considerable   time   with   professional   video   gear   ,   i   find   onscreen   displays   annoying   .
i   have   not   used   the   progressive   scan   feature   .
this   model   has   come   down   in   price   since   i   purchased   mine   .
while it seems like some people have had trouble with theirs , mine has run well , and i would recommend it if you are considering a dvd player purchase .
any   possible   problems   should   be   weighed   against   the   bang-for-the-buck   factor   ,   along   with   the   fact   that   companies   like   apex   seldom   have   good   after-sale   support   .
while i would like to give it 3.5 stars instead of 4 , i gave it a 4 because it has run well for me during the time i have owned it .
i purchased this unit 3 months back and i think the unit knew when i warrenty expires .
it is more than 90 days and more than 90 days does not show the picture no matter what i do .
i   can   only   hear   the   sound   .
i   changed   video   cables   ,   tried   connecting   to   tv   on   input1   and   input2   but   no   help   .
i   think   you   get   what   you   pay   for   stands   true   .
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggrivation of getting the player to do 3 months 's job .
i i have i tried i many i times i to i get i a i hold i of i apex i who i does i n't i seem i to i answer i their i emails i and i telephone i number i is i constantly i busy i as i ( i i i believe i ) i the i one i lonely i customer i service i rep i is i probably i extremely i overworked i .
as i emailed to the the customer service department , use enought electricity to keep the red led burning is use enought electricity to keep the red led burning .
do   yourself   a   favor   and   save   your   money   to   get   something   of   better   quality   ,   or   at   least   works   .
if i i i could i give i this i a i negative i rating i , i i i would i .
i   am   surprised   amazon   still   carries   this   after   all   of   the   continued   problems   .
wo   n't   play   a   lot   of   discs   .
i   can   only   confirm   what   other   customers   have   said   -   crap   !
some it movies it it it played it yesterday it , it it it wo it n't it play it today it .
it   wo   n't   play   80   %   of   my   movies   ,   which   are   all   store   boughten   .
tech   support   from   apex   is   literally   -   nonexistent   .
amazon , do your customers a big favor , do n't carry this item , and give your customers refunds !
there   should   have   been   a   recall   on   this   product   .
fair   warning   -   do   not   buy   .
i   repeat   -   do   n't   wast   your   money   .
i   bought   2   of   this   model   for   christmas   presents   and   neither   one   of   them   work   !
it   is   embarassing   getting   phone   calls   from   family   members   telling   you   that   the   dvd   player   you   gave   them   less   that   3   months   ago   is   no   longer   working   .
one   stopped   working   in   february   and   the   other   in   march   .
amazon has been working with me to refund my money , but they reminded me that i have past the 30 day return policy and this was a courtesy return .
i i have i had i great i experience i with i amazon i , i but i i i will i probably i not i buy i electronics i any i more i from i them i to i avoid i any i future i return i problems i .
the   dvd   player   does   not   work   properly   .
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played dvd 's 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .
after we discovered the problems , we tried to contact apex ( fkor 3 months ) , but we never got in touch with them.the customer support telephone number is always busy , and they do not answer their web customer support .
i   have   had   this   dvd   player   for   about   3   months   now   .
nothing it has it broken it on it it it , it and it it it plays it all it the it dvds it i it have it .
unfortunately   it   can   't   play   all   of   the   dvd   .
i   have   several   tv   shows   on   dvd   so   they   are   divided   by   episode   .
on 2 dvds so far 2 refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .
luckily   i   also   have   a   ps2   which   can   play   those   episodes   the   player   can   't   .
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n't play all i dvds , and now the player can 't play everything .
i purchased this as a christmas gift for i husband .
we it tried it it it out it christmas it night it and it it it worked it great it .
even   viewed   cds   full   of   jpgs   .
we   did   n't   get   to   use   it   again   for   over   a   month   (   sad   ,   i   know   )   .
but   when   we   went   to   use   it   again   ,   there   was   sound   but   no   picture   .
we   saw   reviews   that   said   the   same   thing   ,   and   also   saw   here   that   their   customer   service   stinks   .
though   we   were   past   the   deadline   for   returns   (   by   a   few   days   )   ,   i   contacted   amazon   right   away   and   pleaded   for   help   .
they they authorized they my they late they return they , they and they hopefully they they they are they giving they apex they heck they .
i   hate   apex   but   love   amazon   ,   and   i   tell   everyone   .
do   not   buy   this   player   .
who it knows it how it many it uses it you it 'll it get it out it of it it it before it it it craps it out it , it but it it it probably it will it .
we   've   purchased   3   universal   remotes   so   far-all   claiming   to   work   "   apex   "   dvd   players   and   none   worked   .
called   customer   service   and   basically   was   told   to   either   keep   buying   univ.   remotes   to   try   or   buy   the   replacement   remote   for   $   23   (   which   is   almost   half   of   what   i   paid   for   the   whole   player   )   .
if   anybody   knows   of   a   remote   to   work   this-i   'd   love   to   hear   from   you   !
( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones !
i had to return the remote on this product because the remote appeared to be defective .
it it took it over it 2 it months it and it repeated it follow-up it to it get it it it replaced it .
the   customer   service   dept   did   not   list   a   toll   free   number   and   it   was   a   real   hassle   to   get   through   on   their   regular   line   .
i   would   not   be   inclined   to   purchase   an   apex   product   again   .
door   broke   after   a   month   .
unit   took   forever   since   the   begiining   to   recognize   and   play   discs   .
3 months of use and 3 no longer recognizes anything .
forget   about   it   .
it   's   money   down   the   drain   .
get   cheaper   panasonics   or   toshibas   or   even   sonys   .
well   ,   it   was   nice   while   it   lasted   .
after @ 3 months , 3 stoppped playing higher number scenes on dvds .
as   an   engineer   ,   i   am   embarrassed   for   the   engineering   profession   when   such   crap   is   released   for   sale   .
only   used   for   3   month   before   it   's   down   !
i had hoped this was bought from walmart so that i could return it !
it   sends   discoutinous   signals   to   tv   ,   so   the   tv   has   the   pictures   for   one   moment   and   has   only   the   white   noise   for   the   other   moment   .
the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 is that the other thing i do n't like about this 2600 makes the color look over saturated .
maybe   it   's   good   for   tvs   with   not   so   good   color   settings   ,   but   not   good   for   my   tv   that   already   has   very   vibrant   pictures   .
i   purchased   the   ad2600   after   feeling   comfortable   with   the   reviews   i   read   here   on   amazon   .
as soon as i lifted the unit out of the box , i questioned i judgement .
the   entire   unit   was   poorly   crafted   .
there   were   sharp   screw   tips   on   the   underside   of   the   unit   coming   from   inside   that   were   obviously   used   to   anchor   the   internal   control   board   .
after hooking the thing up , i found that it would only played less than 50 % of the dvds i put in it .
most   of   the   dvds   i   was   trying   were   fairly   new   and   were   in   great   condition   .
the   dvd   player   just   would't   recognize   them   .
it   would   spin   ,   read   ,   spin   some   more   and   then   show   on   the   display   that   there   was   no   disc   .
i   ended   up   sending   the   unit   back   to   amazon   .
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cdr / cdrw / dvdr / dvdrw , and of course plays dvd movies from uk. i love the aiff , the aiff scan feature .
now   it   would   have   gotten   5   stars   had   this   baby   come   with   features   to   upgrade   the   firmware   and   was   able   to   play   divx   or   avi   videos   .
but   for   $   49.99   go   get   one   !
features   and   looks   this   dvd   player   is   overpriced   had   it   come   with   sony   or   one   of   the   other   top   brand   names   .
i have not even used i new dvd player and already i am disapointed !
i   have   been   trying   for   over   a   week   to   contact   apex   .
they will not respond to my emails ( 24 hours is 24 hours ) and the phone line is constantly busy .
all   i   am   looking   for   is   a   rebate   form   !
i accually did n't buy the apex ad-2600 from amazon but , the reviews i found here helped me purchase it .
i i have i owned i an i apex i ad-3201 i for i close i to i 3 i years i now i and i i i love i that i deck i .
because of it 's hidden features ( no macrovision , no macrovision ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .
however   ,   the   ad-2600   does   n't   have   this   feature   (   for   now   )   .
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .
i find a great feature to be a great feature .
i   've   tried   playing   all   of   these   discs   and   they   all   play   great   .
for   the   money   apex   machines   have   good   features   .
you   can   't   find   the   mpeg   playback   on   high   priced   units   .
it   's   low   profile   ,   space   saving   design   looks   nice   .
i find the apex ad-2600 to be the apex ad-2600 .
i   received   this   dvd   player   free   with   the   purchase   of   a   palm   tungsten   e   from   officemax   .
now   i   know   why   -   they   are   pieces   of   junk   .
less   than   a   month   later   the   screen   freezes   and   eventually   shows   "   no   disc   .   "
this is this .
my first player ( model ad-500a ) went into the trash about 6 months after i bought it .
same   story   as   everybody   else   when   trying   to   get   service   from   apex   -   nothing   .
pay a few more bucks and get something else - something else - it 'll be worth 'll be worth something else - it 'll be worth in the long run .
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed i to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vob files which i created with smart ripper .
the   aff   feature   did   a   great   job   converting   the   letterbox   to   fill   3/4   of   the   screen   and   the   image   still   looked   normal   .
loved   the   slim   design   .
this   unit   was   working   fine   for   the   1st   month   and   a   half   and   then   the   color   signal   disappeared   .
apex has still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week and still not responded to my email describing the problem after almost a week customer service line is always busy .
it plays all my back-ups , + or - , and everything else i have put in it without a hick up .
audio   is   excellent   .
well   worth   the   money   .
after having bought and been disappointed in another brand of dvd player , i purchased the apex ad2600 from amazon and first of all i should say it was delivered much more quickly than i had expected .
(   good   going   ,   amazon   ).
i   am   very   pleased   with   the   apex   ad2600.it   plays   just   about   anything   you   put   in   the   drawer   .
so   far   i   've   played   regular   dvd   's   ,   backup   dvd-r   's   ,   mp3   cd   's   ,   and   regular   cd   's   .
i have not yet tried the photo show capability , but i 'm thinking that will probably work well too , based on the success with the above mentioned disks .
i   do   want   to   mention   too   that   it   is   certainly   worthwhile   to   read   the   instruction   manual   that   comes   with   the   unit   .
the   comments   i   've   read   about   having   problems   with   this   dvd   player   all   seem   to   stem   from   pushing   the   incorrect   buttons   on   the   dvd   remote.for   instance   ,   pushing   the   button   to   play   pal   (   european   type   )   movies   ,   when   an   ntsc   (   usa   type   )   movie   disk   is   in   the   disk   tray   .
so   ,   if   you   read   the   instructions   well   ,   you   should   n't   have   any   problems   with   this   dvd   unit   .
i   can   't   speak   to   its   long-term   reliability   ,   as   i   've   only   had   the   apex   ad2600   for   a   little   over   a   week   at   this   point   .
but   ,   it   seems   to   work   so   well   now   ,   that   i   do   n't   anticipate   any   problems   with   it   .
bottom line for me is that for the price me do n't think you can go wrong at all by purchasing this dvd player .
wow   !
simple   to   use   and   hook   up   .
comes   with   standard   rca   jacks   for   output   ,   along   with   s-video   output   (   s-video   cable   not   included   ,   must   be   purchased   seperately   )   and   also   component   video   outputs   .
the   progressive   scan   option   can   be   turned   off   easily   by   a   button   on   the   remote   control   which   is   one   of   the   simplest   and   easiest   remote   controls   i   have   ever   seen   or   used   .
i also own an " apex ad 1201 " dvd player and have had no problems with it since i purchased it almost 1 1/2 years ago .
one   big   difference   between   the   1201   and   the   2600   models   is   that   the   2600   model   is   virtually   silent   .
and   does   n't   need   to   be   placed   in   a   cabinet   like   the   1201   does   .
friends   of   mine   who   own   apex   tv   sets   are   also   all   very   pleased   .
i   would   not   hesitate   to   purchase   this   if   you   are   uncertain   of   the   brand   name   .
consider   it   for   a   future   gift   too   !
this   dvd   play   is   basicly   junk   .
it   wo   n't   play   all   of   my   movies   .
keeps   coming   up   with   no   disk   errors   .
i tried called apex cust service , called apex cust service .
do   n't   waste   your   money   .
mine was 2 weeks old and i chucked it in the trash , where it belongs .
this   is   the   4   apex   player   that   i   have   bought   .
you   might   think   you   are   saving   money   by   buying   an   apex   but   in   the   long   run   you   will   spend   more   .
each   of   the   4   lasted   less   than   six   months   .
you   can   get   a   pretty   good   progressive   scan   sony   or   toshiba   now   for   68   bucks   just   about   anywhere   .
spend the money its well worth it .
this   is   the   best   dvd   player   i   've   purchased   .
i   've   owned   a   panasonic   and   sony   dvd   and   this   one   outperforms   in   function   and   image   quality   and   most   of   all   ,   access   speed   .
for   those   of   you   who   has   problems   with   this   player   ,   i   'd   suggest   checking   the   owners   manual   to   get   the   right   setting   so   that   you   are   not   displaying   the   wrong   mode   and   have   no   picture   ,   etc.
this   player   has   worked   flawlessly   for   me   and   at   this   price   ,   you   can   't   go   wrong   .
80   %   of   the   features   on   here   you   will   not   get   by   spending   $   100   on   a   sony   or   panasonic   .
having   said   that   ,   this   is   what   you   do   .   "   add   to   cart   "   !
"   check   out   "   !
"   enjoy   "   !
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .
they   sent   me   a   new   ad2600   with   the   same   problem   .
i call apex customer service and they told me that there is a known problem with the model playing disney and other movies and that it is not there problem so i 'm stuck with a new dvd player that wo n't play my kids disney movies .
i bought this dvd player mainly because my old sharp dvd player could not play most of the dvds from the store that i rent from and i had to watch them using my pc 's dvd-rom player .
well   ,   this   apex   dvd   player   turned   out   great   !
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n't be played on i old $ 200 sharp player !
i i have i to i say i i i 'm i also i pretty i impressed i by i the i user i interface i for i playing i jpeg i , i mp3 i and i mpeg i files i stored i on i cd-rs i / i dvds i .
it   's   almost   like   having   a   media   player   /   file   manager   built   into   the   dvd   player   .
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .
what   more   can   you   ask   for   from   a   $   40   dvd   player   ?
i   guess   i   'm   just   lucky   to   get   a   good   working   unit   !
hope the unit lasts as i 've only had the unit for 3 days .
and   the   slim   form-factor   together   with   the   mirror-like   front   panel   sure   makes   the   player   look   cool   and   pricey   !
one bad thing though , i find the remote-control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , amazon 's free shipping took only 3 working days for the player to reach me !
i   purchased   two   of   these   players   for   christmas   gifts   ,   and   both   were   bad   .
the   first   one   would   n't   work   from   the   start   .
the   second   lasted   about   two   weeks   before   the   video   went   out   !
amazon.com amazon.com promptly amazon.com refunded amazon.com my amazon.com money amazon.com for amazon.com the amazon.com first amazon.com one amazon.com , amazon.com because amazon.com a amazon.com replacement amazon.com was amazon.com not amazon.com available amazon.com ( amazon.com thanks amazon.com amazon.com amazon.com !
i   am   still   trying   to   resolve   the   problem   with   the   second   one   .
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy .
i   will   never   buy   another   apex   digital   product   !
for   the   most   part   this   is   a   good   dvd   player   .
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on ithave a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventualy the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .
usually i just skip to the next chapter to avoid the next chapter .
annoying   .
we have had this product for over a month and yesterday yesterday stopped working .
it   is   connected   to   an   old   television   set   via   composite   video   and   analog   audio   outputs   .
there   was   neither   picture   nor   sound   .
connecting   the   same   outputs   to   a   video   card   in   my   computer   ,   there   was   sound   but   still   no   picture   .
the   trouble   shooting   section   in   the   user   's   manual   ,   suggesting   correct   and   secure   connections   ,   does   n't   help   .
i   searched   on   the   internet   and   found   one   tip   which   solved   our   problem   :   press   i/p   button   on   the   remote   control   .
it   makes   the   dvd   player   to   switch   between   interlace   mode   and   progressive   scan   mode   .
obviously   there   is   no   composite   video   output   and   different   analog   audio   signals   at   progressive   scan   mode   .
we   are   overall   pleased   with   product   .
i   would   have   rated   it   five   stars   but   for   the   poor   manual   .
i   think   most   of   you   people   complaining   about   no   video   is   due   to   you   hitting   the   wrong   button   either   the   p/n   =   pal   /   ntsc   or   the   i/p   is   set   to   progressive   scan   .
another   stupid   move   .
i   purchased   this   as   a   christmas   gift   on   12-4   -   03   .
it   worked   from   12-26   to   1-9   at   which   time   the   picture   failed   completely   (   see   other   negative   reviews-my   unit   was   n't   the   only   one   this   happened   to   .   )
i   tried   calling   the   support   number   for   a   week   ,   several   times   a   day   ,   and   always   got   a   busy   signal   .
i   also   registered   the   unit   online   and   posted   two   messages   to   the   apex   support   person   (   there   can   't   possibly   be   more   than   one   !
neither   message   was   answered   (   they   ask   for   24   hours   before   replying   -   i   've   been   waiting   27   days   .   )
i finally returned the unit to the company along with copies of i messages and return info .
let me quote a customer service rep from one of the authorized apex service locations in me state ( they only service apex tv 's , not dvd players ) :
" it you it can it send it it it in it , it but it i it would it n't it count it on it ever it seeing it it it or it a it replacement it again it .
it   only   read   the   dvds   10   %   of   the   time   ,   otherwise   i   would   get   a   no   disc   screen   .
i got this dvd player as a gift and had to send a gift back .
amazon was supposed to send me another one , but did n't and sent me a gift certificate instead ( me 'm guessing because the price has gone up on this unit since december ).
good   :
progressive   scan   player   for   a   relatively   low   price   (   although   the   better   known   manufacturers   like   toshiba   ,   pioneer   ,   and   panasonic   are   now   offering   lower-priced   progressive   scan   players   as   well   )   .
seems   to   read   most   dvds   fine   ,   and   reads   quietly   (   i   had   a   pioneer   player   that   had   fairly   loud   disc   spin   noise   )   .
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and vbr mp3 cds ( i old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .
output   through   component   connections   looks   very   good   ,   on   my   non-hd   tv   .
bad   :
i it 've it had it this it player it for it several it months it and it it it reads it most it discs it , it but it it it would it not it recognize it several it discs it that it were it clean it and it read it on it other it players it ( it from it friends it season it 2 it ) it .
it   would   just   spin   up   and   stop   ,   and   display   "   no   disc   "   .
my other gripe is the incredibly crappy remote , which is worse than other , cheaper apex units .
for   some   reason   they   made   the   navigation   buttons   all   one   button   ,   a   ring   around   the   enter   /   play   button   .
you i have i to i press i the i buttons i hard i and i frequently i i i end i up i pressing i enter i when i i i meant i to i scroll i .
also   ,   for   some   reason   the   picture   looks   washed   out   on   s-video   ,   with   lots   of   color   bleeding   ,   compared   to   a   component   connection   (   should   not   be   much   of   a   perceptible   difference   on   a   27   "   tv   ).
ok   this   is   our   first   dvd   player   so   what   do   i   know   .
i i checked i out i the i amazon i reviews i and i i i 'm i pleased i to i say i mine i worked i , i works i , i fine i right i out i of i the i box i .
i   like   the   auto   fit   feature   =   you   can   stretch   widescreen   dvd   's   to   normal   .
lot   's   of   other   features   that   i   need   to   find   out   about   .
looks   ok   -   very   shiny   chrome   and   mirrors   .
things   that   i   'd   prefer   different   -   there   's   a   red   light   that   shines   when   it   's   turned   off   !
and the remote is cheap and cheasy - not sure how long the remote 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck !
this thing plays everything i feed this thing .
compusa   ,   memorex   ,   fuji   .
plays   them   all   .
i   ordered   2   .
i wanted a dvd player that had basic features and would be able to play dvd - r format disc 's that i had made i .
when i 1st tried it i found that it had no problem playing the more expensive dvd - r media disc 's that other players would play but to my surprise was able to play cheep media that i had burned that i could n't get to work before in anything but the dvd burner itself that i had made the disc with .
easy   to   use   ,   small   form   factor   ,   and   looks   good   to   boot   .
very   happy   !
i i wish i i i could i give i negative i stars i !
i   bought   this   dvd   player   in   november   .
i   have   an   apex   ad600   for   a   few   years   now   which   still   works   great   today   .
i i figured i with i a i great i first i product i and i with i this i one i having i more i features i than i the i 600 i i i would i buy i one i .
what   a   mistake   !
after about an hour an hour starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty .
i   've   tried   several   dvd   's   and   even   new   ones   do   the   same   thing   .
i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc .
i   've   tried   someone   elses   and   the   same   thing   happens   .
i   tried   e-mailing   apex   and   they   come   back   saying   undeliverable   .
i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have their answered .
i just want to at least try an exchange but you can 't get through to their number , an exchange 's always busy .
that makes sense though , with all the substandard products that make .
do   not   buy   this   product   or   any   apex   product   unless   you   are   looking   to   be   frustrated   and   lose   money   !
i bought this as a gift for i sister .
it   has   never   worked   .
i i 've i attempted i to i connect i this i unit i to i several i different i tvs i , i using i a i multitude i of i connection i methods i , i and i i i still i can i 't i get i a i video i signal i from i the i machine i .
i   highly   regret   trying   to   save   a   few   $   with   this   purchase   .
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with the ad-2600 .
the most recent is that the most recent will stop responding to the on/off button .
the   light   goes   from   red   to   green   but   no   display   or   any   operation   whatsoever   .
i it end it up it unplugging it it it from it the it wall it for it a it few it hours it and it when it i it try it again it it it will it work it fine.at it least it until it this it problem it arises it again it .
i   've   registered   this   unit   at   www.apexdigialinc.com   and   listed   the   problem   .
they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply .
i   've   sent   10   e-mails   to   their   customer   service   department   requesting   an   ra   with   no   response   .
i 've called the service number and if it 's not busy , it rings forever then eventually dumps you .
once   i   actually   got   to   an   answering   machine   and   left   a   message   .
still   no   response   .
i will never purchase anything from this company ever again and have logged i complaint with the bbb .
i bought this player as a christmas present for i wife .
3/4 way through the first disk we played on 3/4 ( naturally on 31 days after purchase ) the dvd player froze .
now   it   will   not   load   any   disk   or   just   says   that   there   is   no   disk   .
have   tried   to   contact   apex   via   e-mail   (   customerservice@apexdigital.com   )   ,   but   the   e-mail   address   is   not   valid   .
have   tried   calling   (   866-4apexgo   )   ,   but   can   't   get   through   .
this   product   sucks   ,   the   customer   service   from   apex   sucks   .
i   should   n't   have   been   cheap   ,   should   have   bought   a   toshiba   .
i   bought   this   product   from   amazon   .
after   using   it   for   just   a   month   ,   i   could   not   play   any   dvd   .
i   can   only   hear   the   sound   but   no   picture   !
their   customer   (   www.apexdigitalinc.com   )   service   is   very   poor   .
no contact phone number , no contact phone number .
i   bought   this   player   during   a   christmas   sale   at   an   excellent   price   .
however , i should have followed i instincts :
you   get   what   you   pay   for   .
one   of   the   dvd   's   i   received   as   a   christmas   present   kept   freezing   .
some   dvd   's   i   rented   would   not   play   .
now   ,   i   suddenly   have   no   picture   .
i   will   say   this   .
when   the   player   was   working   it   was   great   ,but   .
the   physical   appearance   of   this   apex   compared   to   one   previous   (   ad1100w   )   is   most   appreciated   .
the   prior   one   looked   and   felt   lightweight   ,   cheesy   ,   and   assembled   by   the   oppressed   :
i it purchased it it it for it it it 's it easy it ability it to it accept it cd-r it hacks it .
i used it lightly , and it lasted just over one year ( forgot to kill the power one day , and now it only plays dvds ).
back   to   the   2600   :
1   .
it   does   n't   smell   like   burning   plastic   when   you   open   the   drive   .
2   .
without   a   doubt   the   finest   looking   apex   dvd   player   that   i   've   seen   .
3   .
excellent   picture   quality   -   on   par   with   my   pioneer   ,   panasonic   ,   and   jvc   players   .
4   .
remote it : it you it can it stand it it it on it end it ( it harder it to it lose it ) it , it and it it it 's it far it better it designed it than it the it 1100s it .
anyway   ,   the   initial   impression   is   much   better   than   when   i   opened   the   box   on   the   1100   over   a   year   ago   -   you   can   telll   that   apex   is   trying   harder   to   improve   their   product   .
i i 'd i have i given i it i 5 i stars i , i but i i i 'm i waiting i to i see i if i this i one i holds i up i to i more i frequent i use i than i the i last i one i :
with progressive scan , i expect it to play play play - and give my old pioneer a rest .
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for i girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .
unlike   some   of   the   other   people   who   received   a   "   lemon   "   ,   my   dvd   player   came   in   perfect   working   condition   .
as   a   whole   ,   the   dvd   player   has   a   sleek   design   and   works   fine   .
what disappointed me is the fact that the fact does not seem to read certain dvds .
for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it .
at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well .
this   player   seems   to   work   fine   with   everything   else   .
so   i   do   n't   understand   why   it   would   not   work   with   dvds   that   seem   to   have   more   features   in   them   .
because   of   this   ,   i   am   disappointed   and   would   not   recommend   this   product   .
i   had   apex   regular   (   non-progressive   )   dvd-player   for   two   years   .
had   no   problem   with   it   .
now , i thought time to upgrade 's time to upgrade .
so   ,   i   bought   apex   ad-2600   in   november   '   03   from   amazon   .
it   's   running   great   for   all   the   dvds   i   have   and   rented   .
i   have   a   dvd   burner   .
i   think   ,   apex   is   the   best   dvd   player   you   can   get   for   the   price   .
some of my friends had well branded dvd-players but some of my friends keep complaining that sometime it stucks and sucks !
most of them are already switched to apex and them are happy .
if   you   are   skeptical   about   trying   apex   .
take   my   words   and   give   it   a   try   .
hopefully   you   wo   n't   regret   .
goodluck   !
i   bought   this   to   replace   an   expensive   (   $   300   +   )   onkyo   dvd   player   that   quit   after   only   3   years   !
this has so many capabilities that you 'll always have room for new technologies as this evolve .
i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched !
so   much   packed   in   a   small   case   and   very   affordable   !
worked   for   two   weeks   .
after   two   weeks   the   picture   kept   freezing   .
spend   the   extra   20   $   and   buy   a   name   brand   dvd   player   .
apex   sucks   !
only   the   cheap   and   poor   would   buy   one   .
unit   worked   great   for   3   weeks   then   video   output   failed   .
i got one of these to serve as a second dvd player in i house .
it   's   a   compact   ,   attractive   machine   and   was   easy   to   set   up   .
basic   usage   is   easy   ,   but   the   remote   has   a   lot   of   buttons   that   i   have   n't   used   .
so   far   ,   we   've   only   used   this   player   a   few   times   to   watch   movies   and   it   has   worked   fine   .
the   picture   is   clear   ,   bright   and   sharp   and   the   sound   is   good   .
again   ,   though   ,   it   has   only   been   used   sparingly   .
the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that .
it 's not a big deal for me .
i   simply   watched   the   extra   features   on   another   player   .
had this been my only dvd player , though , this would have been a real problem .
as   it   is   ,   i   'm   keeping   the   machine   .
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .
but i would expect that , since my movie discs have all played with no problem , the extras discs would , too , without any additional tweaking .
i   'm   giving   this   player   cautious   recommendation   .
there are a lot of things i like about a lot of things i .
be   advised   ,   however   ,   that   you   may   encounter   problems   .
received   apex   dvd   and   the   picture   was   great   when   set   up   with   s   connector   .
the   remote   is   a   little   hard   to   understand   .
my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 " screen but seem not as clear as when my view them on my 17 " monitor .
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n't break down like the reviews i 've read .
prior the reviews to the reviews christmas the reviews , the reviews it the reviews seems the reviews the the reviews reviews the reviews were the reviews very the reviews good the reviews but the reviews after the reviews that the reviews it the reviews seems the reviews the the reviews reviews the reviews went the reviews bad the reviews !
i   would   n't   gotten   this   dvd   based   on   the   reviews   i   read   after   christmas   .
video   output   stopped   workin   .
this   was   an   awesome   player   ,   before   the   video   output   no   longer   worked   (   after   about   3   weeks   )   .
i might have gotten a lemon , but the first report of video output failure on this machine is not the first report of video output failure on the first report of video output failure on this machine machine .
i   am   returning   it   ,   and   again   in   the   market   for   a   multiformat   dvd   ,   svcd   ,   vcd   ,   mp3   ,   etc.   player   .
what   a   disappointment   !
i   bought   the   apex   ad-2600   dvd   player   for   the   family   for   christmas   .
set   up   was   easy   and   we   enjoyed   it   for   just   over   a   week   .
there   was   occasionally   a   lip-sync   issue   (   the   lips   were   n't   moving   in   time   to   the   dialogue   )   .
but   after   10   days   ,   the   sound   worked   ,   but   the   video   quit   working   .
amazon   was   wonderful   about   picking   it   up   the   next   day   and   paying   for   the   return   shipping   .
perhaps   this   experience   will   teach   me   not   to   buy   "   off   "   brands   .
i 'm editing my review , because now i wish i read the manual before returning the player i bought for my girlfriend .
the   button   on   the   remote   to   switch   from   pal   to   ntsc   was   undoubtedly   my   problem   .
now   i   may   buy   two   !
(   my   orignal   review   is   below   :   )
great   feature   list   ,   poor   reliability   .
output   went   black   and   white   only   via   both   s-video   and   composite   connections   ,   and   with   no   v-hold   .
thankfully   amazon   has   free   return   shipping   !
retraction   :   said   mine   had   silver   plate   :   it   does   have   display   .
it   works   great   .
i   should   have   looked   at   it   harder   .
i   purchased   two   apex   2600   for   christmas   presents   .
so   far   we   have   only   hooked   up   one   of   them   .
the unit seems to play all formats that i have put in it ( jpeg , kodak pic 's and dvd-r ) i have read other reviews and some good and soom not so good , but i feeling at this time is " two thumbs up " !
(   i   guess   only   time   will   tell   ?   )
p.s the remote control does seem to get confused at times and doesnt respond but it may be just operator error ?
what   the   hell   is   wrong   with   this   thing   .
i bought this thing because this thing plays everything .
this is the third apex dvd i bought .
the first one was the 705 which i hacked successfully to play all region dvds and disable macrovision .
the second one was the 2500 which i think is better than the 2600 because it has more features such as karoake which i do use sometimes for parties .
but heck heck plays my alias dvds .
what   the   heck   is   up   with   the   2600   .
it   suppose   to   play   everything   .
wrong   !
by   the   way   my   alias   dvds   are   legit   too   not   no   bootleg   from   the   internet   .
i   'm   sending   this   pup   back   to   amazon   and   looking   for   the   2500   on   ebay   .
you   should   too   .
forget   about   the   sleek   looks   if   it   can   't   play   some   of   your   real   dvds.
i bought the 2600 because the 2600 plays everything !
well   ,   within   45   days   the   video   output   quit   working   (   both   rca   &   optic   )   .
so it now it it it still it plays it everything it , it you it just it can it 't it see it it it !
we ordered two apex ad-2600 's for we family for christmas - finally decided to join the rest of the world and watch dvd 's - well .
the first one we installed did n't work , and we kids were devastated to say the least .
the   second   one   is   up   and   running   .
it   seems   to   be   working   fine   ,   but   we   've   not   used   it   all   that   much   .
i   am   returning   the   broken   one   today   .
i will not be ordering another one to replace another one .
update   :   january   27th   2004   -   the   second   one   crapped   out   only   after   a   week   -   dont   buy   this   product   !
the   player   looked   good   right   out   of   the   box   ,   offering   lots   of   features   and   good   styling   .
i   immediately   had   problems   getting   the   player   to   recognize   two   of   my   favorite   dvds   .
after   "   loading   "   for   what   seemed   like   a   very   long   time   ,   the   display   indicated   "   no   disk   "   .
after   multilple   tries   ,   one   of   the   disks   was   finally   recognized   but   video   was   poor   and   features   not   available   .
only   one   disk   played   through   to   completion   successfully   .
at   $   49   .
i   guess   you   get   what   you   pay   for   .
i   'd   recommend   against   this   unit   .
i   ordered   two   of   these   puppies   for   christmas   gifts   .
when we tried to hook up the first one , one was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .
strike   1   .
when i tried to install the second dvd player in i brothers house , that one didn " t work either !
imagine   my   shock   -   and   absolute   instant   disdain   for   any   products   made   by   apex   .
the   2nd   dvd   player   had   a   faulty   power   supply   which   caused   to   occasionally   not   turn   on   .
do   not   recommend   .
what can i say , i bought the ad600 2 years ago and it was probly the best dvd player ever , quality design , stable , plus it uses a standard ide interface so you can use an old dvd drive from your computer if the player dies .
in   the   last   month   i   bought   the   apex   ad-1600   and   the   ad-1220   .
and   have   returned   both   .
the ad-1600 did n't work corectly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before the ad-1600 started to act up .
my   recommendation   is   to   wait   on   buying   one   from   this   company   as   they   will   surely   get   sent   a   message   of   many   returned   dvd   players   after   christmas   2003   .
i hoping they will then begin building quality dvd players again , as i do like quality dvd players .
it really does n't make any cents $ $ to build a great reputation then destroy a great reputation from lack a research and testing in one season .
amazon   is   awaesome   !
they   refunded   my   $   $   $   so   fast   and   paid   for   the   shipping   back   .
what   more   could   you   ask   for   .
for the price , the price 's a very nice dvd player .
the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile .
it   does   play   a   wide   range   of   formats   as   advertised   which   is   very   nice   .
and   so   far   have   not   had   any   problems   with   dvds   not   being   able   to   play   .
recommended   to   anyone   looking   to   purchase   a   low   priced   dvd   player   and   not   expecting   any   bells   or   whistles   from   a   brand   name   one   like   sony   .
i   finally   joined   the   21st   century   and   bought   this   dvd   player   .
i knew nothing about dvds before this but with this machine i figured it all out very quickly .
i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there .
the   machine   is   very   light   and   slim   and   fits   nicely   into   my   tv   stand   .
i i 've i had i no i problems i at i all i so i far i and i i i 'm i very i happy i .
i i applied i a i $ i 25 i amazon i gift i voucher i i i got i for i christmas i so i i i only i ended i up i paying i $ i 29 i for i this i machine i .
even i if i i i had i paid i full i price i i i would i have i considered i this i a i good i deal i .
bought   the   apex   ad-2600   from   amazon   in   12/03   mainly   on   price   ,   $   49.99   -   $   10   rebate   =   $   39.99   .
that was a mistake .
we we tried we the we " we finding we nemo we " we dvd we and we when we we we got we to we ~ we chapter we 28 we , we the we frames we started we to we freeze we for we no we reason we .
cleaned   the   dvd   ,   tried   again   ,   no   luck   .
i   pulled   out   our   old   non-progressive   scan   toshiba   ,   hooked   it   back-up   and   the   "   finding   nemo   "   dvd   works   fine   .
i   agree   with   previous   posts   that   you   get   what   you   pay   for   .
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .
only   owned   it   about   two   weeks   so   i   expect   we   're   looking   at   getting   another   progressive   scan   dvd   player   of   higher   quality   very   soon   .
i purchased the ad 2600 from another company last month and was very satisfied with i purchase , until last night .
i   was   watching   pirates   of   the   caribbean   and   decided   to   watch   the   extras   disc   .
the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried no disc in another machine and sure as @ # * !
it   worked   .
i   even   went   as   far   as   calling   the   technical   support   number   on   the   disc   .
the i person i i i talked i to i suggested i i i take i the i dvd i player i back i and i swap i it i out i with i another i .
the   other   company   is   currently   "   out   of   stock   "   so   i   ordered   another   from   amazon   and   will   be   taking   the   original   back   to   the   competitor   today   .
hopefully   the   replacement   from   amazon   will   work   just   fine   .
if   not   i   will   avoid   apex   products   in   the   future   .
besides   the   one   problem   ,   this   machine   is   amazing   !
it   plays   everything   ,   even   vcd   's   .
if   only   it   played   stand   alone   avi   files   .
if   no   problems   occur   with   replacement   unit   i   will   keep   the   4   star   rating   .
if problem occurs again i will repost i new rating .
i   will   never   use   all   the   "   whistles   and   bells   "   this   machine   is   capable   of   .
but   for   what   i   do   use   it   is   perfect   .
i   was   ,   however   .
somewhat   disappointed   that   i   could   not   "   hook   up   "   to   my   sony   multi   brand   remote   commander   .
small   problem   .
hi   ,   many   people   are   saying   ,   "   you   get   what   you   pay   for   ,   i   guess   .   "
well   that   is   not   true   .
you   could   have   paid   more   and   got   a   lot   less   .
i   paid   $   49   and   now   it   's   $   125   !
you   have   to   ask   yourself   ,   "   how   much   money   is   dissapointment   worth   ?   "
because   ,   you   will   be   dissapointed   .
then   you   can   say   ,   "   my   dissapointment   only   cost   $   39   .   "
i   think   a   $   39   dissapointment   is   better   then   a   $   125   dissapointment   !
so   ,   without   further   adoo   .
1   )   frame   freezes   and   the   family   yells   ,   "   dad   !   somethings   wrong   with   the   dvd   player   !   come   quick   !   "
2   )   the   remote   works   ,   but   then   it   does   not   work   ,   and   you   are   left   standing   there   thinking   you   are   doing   something   wrong   .
3 it ) it you it must it press it the it play it button it and it hold it it it for it a it couple it of it seconds it otherwise it it it will it not it work it and it you it will it think it the it whole it unit it is it broken it .
4 it ) it it it did it play it my it jpeg it photos it but it wow it , it trying it to it figure it it it out it was it really it something it !
5   )   this   apex   model   2600   will   not   work   with   my   universal   remote   control   .
i   dare   you   to   surf   the   net   and   find   the   code   .
you will be told goldstar goldstar codes work , and you will be told zenith goldstar codes will work , and radio shack will give you apex goldstar codes but they will not work .
finally   you   will   read   a   post   somewhere   that   all   codes   are   useless   for   the   apex   2600   .
and   then   you   will   start   to   belive   them   .
if   this   is   your   fist   dvd   player   .
save   yourself   some   aggrivation   .
bought   two   ad2600   's   for   christmas   .
one   still   works   fine   ,   the   other   quit   after   one   day   .
owner   's   manual   has   substandard   troubleshooting   guide   .
apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer they phone .
the   dvd   player   is   fine   .
to get back to the menu of the dvd you have to press " menu " on the remote while the dvd is playing .
if the dvd is stopped , the dvd will display " playback only " .
little   inconveinent   ,   but   unlike   other   players   i   only   paid   40   $   .
i   purchased   one   of   these   to   replace   an   ailing   dvd   player   that   's   a   few   years   old   .
of course , i was hesitant given the price , but i 've been extremely impressed since receiving it , and bought a second one as a christmas present for my parents .
the   picture   is   perfect   ,   although   i   'm   not   watching   on   an   hdtv   .
it   seems   to   be   a   little   slow   when   identifying   a   new   disc   that   's   inserted   -   maybe   10   seconds   of   wait   .
also , if an audiophile 're an audiophile , an audiophile 'll want to get your own cables because the supplied ones are thin and short .
but   ,   dollar   for   dollar   ,   this   dvd   player   is   probably   the   best   out   there   .
i bought this for i dad for christmas .
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture !
let 's face 's - when you want to watch a movie you want to see a picture .
as i travelled internationally and did n't want to haul it back on a plane with me it was an expensive addition to the recycling bin .
had   to   buy   my   dad   a   different   dvd   player   locally   (   panasonic   )   which   worked   just   fine   .
save   your   cash   -   go   for   a   brand   that   actually   cares   about   their   reputation   .
bought   one   for   $   49.99   .
seemed   like   a   good   deal   ,   but   this   pos   frequently   cannot   recognize   dvds   and   music   cds   --   takes   a   long   time   loading   and   then   concludes   ,   "   no   disc   "   .
sent   mine   back   .
i   'd   look   elsewhere   .
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .
first   ,   the   player   did   not   allow   me   to   access   the   menus   of   dvds   .
when   i   hit   "   menu   "   it   told   me   ,   "   playback   only   .   "
i actually had to re-open the drawer and close the drawer to get back to the dvd menu .
this   is   extemely   lame   .
the remote is the remote to use .
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .
the   player   does   seem   to   play   dvds   adequately   enough   .
it it also it has it an it optical it out it , it which it it it should it .
i   think   for   about   $   40   more   ,   you   can   probably   find   a   much   better   dvd   player   than   this   though   .
i purchased the apex 2600 after reading good reviews of the apex 2600 , both here and in other places .
after less than 24 hours it turned out to be a huge disappointment , for myself and for my parents , for whom it was a gift .
it   played   only   one   out   of   three   dvd   's   without   problems   ,   the   other   two   being   afflicted   by   a   number   of   glitches   .
both   of   the   problem   dvd   's   would   repeatedly   freeze   during   playback   ,   while   the   counter   on   the   player   kept   going   .
one   also   exhibited   extremely   slow   speed   when   going   to   the   menu   .
these   problems   were   consistent   ,   and   also   not   present   on   another   dvd   player   .
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time the dvd door closed .
there   were   a   few   attractive   features   ,   such   as   the   small   size   and   the   layout   of   the   remote   .
all in all , trying to save some money on this player resulted in me shelling a great deal more when me purchased a much nicer dvd vcr combo player to make up for blazing crappiness of this very embarassing gift .
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours , and then this very inexpensive player.for the first three hours died .
i was told that something really wrong is no longer available , so there must be something really wrong with something really wrong .
i   looked   into   buying   an   inexpensive   dvd   player   that   had   more   than   the   standard   set   of   features   and   this   item   seemed   to   be   the   best   in   that   category   .
i   just   hooked   it   up   and   everything   seemed   to   be   going   fine   .
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my prev. machine did a bit automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance .
still   ,   i   was   willing   to   overlook   those   things   as   this   unit   looks   sleek   and   has   a   myriad   of   features   !
so i pop-in i first dvd and start to watch .
i   get   to   chapter   34   and   everything   freezes   !
ok   ,   that   happens   ,   so   i   try   to   skip   the   chapter   .
nothing   !
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n't do it !
i   try   navigating   using   the   player   's   built   in   menu   ,   and   it   still   would   n't   work   !
my   next   thought   was   that   the   dvd   must   be   damaged   .
upon   inspection   i   did   find   a   small   scratch   on   the   surface   and   figured   that   to   be   the   cause   .
i decided to check one more thing though and plugged in i 3-year - old unit again just to see .
the   dvd   played   without   flaw   through   the   chapter   in   question   .
i then played it through i ps2 and there was no problem there either .
guess   where   this   unit   is   headed   ?
yup   ,   right   back   for   a   refund   !
i   was   so   excited   about   the   price   and   reviews   of   this   dvd   player   .
i i am i even i a i bit i technology i oriented i , i so i i i thought i it i would i be i a i breeze i to i set i this i up i .
unfortunately   ,   the   player   would   not   read   any   of   my   region   one   dvds.   even   though   they   were   not   damaged   in   any   way   .
i called apex 's support number numerous times but apex 's support number numerous times just kept ringing .
i hope that amazon will let i trade it for a different , more trusted brand of dvd player .
this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at this .
the   plus   points   are   -
1   .
price
2   .
ability   to   play   most   discs   -   i   tried   dvd   ,   vcd   ,   dvd-r   ,   audio   cd   and   it   played   all
3   .
good   looks
the   downside   -
1   .
the   build   quality   shows   why   its   so   cheap   -   small   scratches   on   the   base   plate   ,   something   that   you   would   n't   see   on   a   sony   and   an   overall   plasticky   feel
2   .
remote   buttons   are   small   and   closely   spaced   ,   especially   with   the   menu   buttons   .
if   these   otherwise   minor   issues   can   be   fixed   ,   i   would   rate   this   a   5   star   machine   .
this   is   wonderful   to   have   for   your   first   dvd   player   .
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it !
apex   is   the   best   cheap   quality   brand   for   dvd   players   .
also   ,   very   light   and   portable   .
the   one   i   purchased   for   a   frend   as   a   gift   will   not   read   any   dvd   disc   .
it   will   read   and   play   all   cd   audio   disc   .
guess i will return guess i for an exchange and hope for the best with the new one .
so   far   not   going   to   get   a   good   review   .
a   disipointed   customer   .
i   have   shopped   with   amazon   before   and   have   been   very   happy   with   their   performance   thus   far   .
i   received   the   apex   ad-2600   before   i   expected   .
that is where that satisfaction ends .
i bought the apex ad-2600 because of the ability to play jpegs and it seemed like it was the most bang for the buck .
however   ,   it   has   failed   to   deliver   on   quality   .
it it does it not it only it have it difficulty it playing it jpegs it , it it it even it has it trouble it properly it playing it dvd it movies it .
on   several   different   occasions   it   has   displayed   "   no   disc   "   with   a   disc   inside   .
after   reading   several   other   reviews   this   appears   to   be   relatively   common   .
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .
i am returning mine for a replacement , but if i receive another ad-2600 with the same or similar problems i will not only return it for a refund , but never buy another apex product in the future .
i   guess   you   get   what   you   pay   for   .
the   2600   had   false   silver   plate   instead   of   play   display   .
the   case   had   ad2600   .
bait   and   switch   .
picture   on   web   site   clearly   has   the   play   display   pictured   ,   yet   false   silver   plate   .
what   is   up   .
clearly   a   large   lawsuit   if   i   were   so   inclined   .
i   feel   that   once   i   contact   amazon   that   they   will   get   to   the   bottom   of   this   .
i   just   got   it   today   and   have   tried   to   verify   the   claims   of   other   reviewers   .
no   go   on   most   formats   .
it   plays   original   dvds   and   cds   and   plays   mp3s   and   jpegs   .
however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips .
i guess that i can not complain since it does not actually claim to play vcd / svcd formats , but others say others can .
also it , it it it was it only it $ it 39.99 it ( it after it rebate it ) it with it free it shipping it and it no it tax it so it overall it it it is it a it decent it player it .
good   quality   video   .
bought   this   player   after   reading   the   reviews   here   which   identify   it   as   reading   most   formats   including   dvd   +   rw   's   and   vcd   's   .
can 't say whether i rec 'd an " updated " model but an '' updated '' model will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me .
it   did   play   a   dvd-r   which   was   unplayable   in   my   older   philips   machine   .
i   do   n't   have   a   dvd   +   r   to   try
so   .
mixed   bag   i   guess   but   the   price   was   right   .
this is the third apex product i 've bought and they continue to impress for the price .
it my goes my nicely my with my my my apex my 27 my " my in my my my bedroom my .
the build quality feels solid , the does n't shake or whine while playing discs , and the picture and sound is top notch ( both dts and dd5.1 sound good ) .
i   paid   twenty   dollars   more   than   the   current   price   ,   and   even   then   it   was   a   steal   .
hooray   !
think   you   need   to   pay   a   fortune   for   a   good   qulaity   dvd   player   ?
well   ,   not   with   this   one   .
it it looks it really it sleek it and it stylish it , it and it does it everything it it it claims it .
i tried as bunch of different formats to see if it would play and it did .
i   am   very   pleased   with   this   product   and   the   price   to   match   and   have   n't   had   any   problems   .
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , the picture .
so   sit   back   ,   relax   and   brag   to   all   your   friends   who   paid   a   mountain   of   money   for   a   dvd   player   that   can   't   do   half   the   things   this   one   can   ,   and   for   a   fraction   of   the   price   !
only problem , if you think only problem 's going to be delivered in the 24hrs amazon claims , do n't hold your breath .
otherwise   it   'll   get   there   the   day   you   get   back   from   the   hospital   !
noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah .
works   great   !
silverish   color   really   adds   a   special   touch   .
who   cares   if   it   does   n't   have   multiple   slots   ?
it it plays it just it about it any it format it ( it check it before it you it buy it if it it it plays it yours it . it )
if   you   watch   dvds   once   in   a   while   like   i   do   ,   get   this   !
apex   is   made   in   usa   and   is   one   of   the   underrated   brands   out   there   .
if you watch one dvd per weekm one yours .
however   ,   i   do   n't   know   the   dvd   's   performance   on   a   heavy   load   of   every-day   viewing   .
either   way   ,   can   't   go   wrong   with   this   price   .
i   am   really   impressed   by   this   dvd   player   .
if it it it can it fit it in it the it drive it bay it , it this it dvd it player it will it play it it it .
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .
no   matter   the   format   .
awesome   !
