I   want   to   start   off   saying   that   this   camera   is   small   for   a   reason.
Some people, in their reviews, complain about its small size, and how it doesn't compare with larger cameras.
I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
The only thing I don't like is the small size (8 MEG) memory card that comes with it.
I have to move pictures off of it every day so I have room for more pictures the next, and I don't have enough money to buy the 256 MEG card that I've had I eye on for a while.
A larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy.
Other   than   that   pictures   taken   in   the   dark   are   not   as   nice   as   I'd   like   them,
I'd   say   that   this   camera   is   perfect.
OK, not quite everything...but this camera is so compact that you will have it by your side when you need it.
I bought this camera for the same reason many of you are considering it, or have already bought it--it's size.
It is amazingly small, it's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera.
I take it with I everywhere,literally,
it is so small that I am able to keep it in my pocket, and I don't have to fear that it will get ruined in my pocket because it is so durable.
There the lens is the lens also the lens a the lens small the lens covering the lens for the lens the the lens lens, the lens so the lens you the lens need the lens not the lens worry the lens that the lens the the lens lens the lens will the lens get the lens scratched.
The picture quality surprised me, when I first saw this camera I saw how small it was an instantly assumed that the picture quality would not be good--but I was wrong!
The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
However,   I   do   have   a   few   things   to   complain   about...
First off, the battery.
This camera uses a lithium battery, I find lithium lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient; because what if you are on vacation, where the nearest place to buy lithium batteries is just a gas station--there is no way that you are going to find lithium lithium batteries there.
Not   only   is   it   inconvenient,   but   also   the   battery   life   span   is   short.
The   longest   I've   had   it   work   was   about   1   hour   and   45   minutes.
This   isn't   uncommon   in   cameras,   though,   just   as   long   as   you   bring   your   charger   and   spare   batteries,   you   should   be   fine.
Another problem I had with this camera was the zoom function.
Such a small zoom length that you would think that the zoom would be silent since the zoom hardly zooms in...wrong!
Very   wrong.
The zoom function on this camera is so loud that sometimes you will be unable to use The zoom function on this camera if you find yourself in a situation where you must be quiet.
Even   just   turning   the   camera   on   will   move   the   lens   a   little,   resulting   in   a   noisy   start-up.
The   flash   is   very   weak.
Really   dissapointing.   If   you   are   inside,   you   can't   be   any   farther   away   then   10   feet   in   a   lit   room.
The last problem I found with this camera was the macro function.
The   auto-focus   on   the   camera   seems   to   have   trouble   focusing   on   the   subject.
To   make   matters   work,   there   is   no   manual   override   to   overcome   this   problem.
The   focus   is   great,   though,   if   you   are   not   taking   a   macro   shot.
These   are   all   the   flaws   I   found   in   the   camera,
it's not my first choice in cameras,
I have come across many other beginner cameras that I prefer over this camera, but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size.
If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then a great camera choice is a great camera choice.
I   researched   digital   cameras   for   a   month   before   purchasing   the   s100...
after considering my needs further and researching the marketplace, my decided on the s100.
I   have   had   this   little   gem   for   four   months   now.
It has given me zero problems, and the more I use it, the better I become at taking advantage of its strengths.
I had a regular Canon Elph (APS), as well as a JVC digital camera.
I I was I looking I for I a I blend I of I the I two I and I so I I I bought I this I camera.
I'll   share   some   observations   that   may   differ   a   bit   from   what   other   reviewers   have   noted.
1)   It   is   perhaps   too   small.
I find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without I reading glasses on.
Its size makes holding Its size steady for long a bit of a challenge (not enough camera body to grip with more than your finger tips).
2)   The   delay   from   the   time   you   fully   depress   the   shutter   to   the   time   the   picture   is   taken   is   too   long   and   may   yield   some   fuzzy   shots.
This   is   due   to   the   unusually   slow   autofocus   system.
3) The lack of an intermediate resolution setting, as other reviewers have suggested, is a problem, but that problem is meaningless with a larger CompactFlash memory card
(I got a 64 meg card for and a 64 meg card holds 105 pics at 1600 x 1200 res).
4)   The   camera   gets   really   hot   when   you   are   busy   snapping   away.
It   is   hot   enough   to   be   annoying.
Canon says it's normal.
I   have   found   it   gets   less   warm   with   the   LCD   off.
This   wonderfully   small   digital   camera   produces   fantastically   good   pictures   printed   on   any   decent   photo-quality   printer   (with   photo   quality   paper).
It will not replace your high-end 35mm SLR but it's a great toy to keep near you at all times for snapshots.
I   have   used   many   digital   cameras.
This   IS   the   best   camera   you   can   have   for   digital   images   if   you   want   to:
Take   quick   pictures   with   excelent   resolution
Hate   to   wait   between   shots
Download   it   fast   to   your   computer
Have   a   great   and   easy   to   use   bundled   software
Travel   with   it   without   knowing   you   have   it   in   your   pocket
FYI,   Battery   doesn't   die   if   you   don't   use   LCD
The I color I and I light I I I captured I with I this I camera I on I a I 12-day I trip I to I Turkey I (gorgeous I vividly I colored I ceramic I tiles I inside I darkened I mosques) I were I far I superior I to I anything I I've I ever I gotten I with I a I traditional I 35-mm I film I camera.
I   love   this   camera.
I don't believe this camera is still available. But if you can find one, you might like to get it.
It's   still   one   of   the   smallest   2MP   digital   cameras   on   the   market,   and   absolutely   one   of   the   best-built   most   stylish   cameras   ever.
I bought my camera based on recommendations from my other friends who own it.
I am very pleased with I purchase.
It's   best   to   list   the   pros   and   cons   of   this   camera:
I've   been   incredibly   happy   with   this   camera.
This   camera   is   great   if   you're   used   to   a   high-end   SLR.
It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow.
Exposure compensation in 1/3 stop increments (I leave it set on +1/3 stop to brighten up the default exposure, which goes a bit dark for I taste).
Slow-syncro flash, macro/infinity mode, etc.
The zoom range is a little narrow (35-70mm in 35mm film equivalent), but given that the camera is the same as my wallet, I can't think of any real complaint.
The   SS   body   is   wonderful,   feels   high-quality.
It's the same body as the popular ELP2 APS camera (take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you'll have an idea of the front profile!).
A   2X   optical   zoom   (you   can   pretty   much   ignore   any   time   a   manufacturer   refers   to   "digital   zoom")
I left the camera in I car in Maine (not a very hot place) and the LCD screen cracked !
I   then   realized   a   major   design   flaw.
All   the   camera's   functionality   is   only   available   (or   selectable)   when   the   screen   is   functional.
When   the   screen   stops   working,   you're   out   of   luck   !
I wrote another review and this is the update.
I   discovered   that   the   camera   has   a   manual   mode   that   gives   you   total   control   over   exposure,   white   balance,   flash   (red   eye,   person   against   bright   background,   flash   on,   flash   off,   flash   automatic).
I   have   used   this   camera   for   about   3   weeks   so   far,   taking   over   500   pictures.
I   have   2   batteries   and   a   128   mb   card.
Here   are   some   useful   facts:-
On a battery charge, the camera takes approximately 70 pictures, where the camera is opened and closed between pictures.
A   64mb   card   stores   approximately   100   pictures   at   default   resolution   (ie   between   500k   and   1.5mb   per   picture).
The   viewfinder   does   not   accurately   represent   the   pucture   being   taken.
The   LCD   should   be   used.
However,   in   dark   settings   you   must   use   the   viewfinder.
The   digital   zoom   is   crap.
Turn   it   off.
It   fits   in   your   pocket.
The closest competitor is the SONY DSC-P1 (3.3mp).
But   that   camera   is   a   little   larger   and   you   defeat   the   whole   purpose   of   having   a   truly   portable   camera.
I take I camera everywhere.
Tamrac   makes   a   tiny   pouch   that   is   best   for   the   camera.
The   front   even   has   a   zipper   for   an   extra   battery   and   your   wallet   stuff.
The   panorama   setting   is   unbelieveable   !
You   take   around   12   pictures   in   a   circle,   stitch   them   together   and   voila;   you   have   a   perfect   memory   of   where   you   were   standing   !
The   pictures   are   a   little   dark   sometimes.
You   have   the   option   to   have   the   flash   automatic   or   off.
The   new   Canon   s300   is   33%   larger   and   26%   heavier   than   the   S100.
The   movie   mode   can   only   record   a   max   of   30   seconds   at   160X120   per   clip   and   a   max   of   4   seconds   at   640X480.
It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode. And, It has the 3X zoom.
The   price   is   $...   more.
I originally gave this camera 5 stars. When I had Windows 98 it was wonderful but I got a new computer last November with XP the usb software is Sooo... not compatible with XP
I   have   found   however   that   you   can   just   buy   a   card   reader   to   solve   this   problem.
The new drivers on cannon's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use the backup software.
The Adobe software also was wonderful in 98 but it will not let you print correctly with XP so you are forced to create your document then either print it from Windows or export it to another application.
But   it   takes   gorgeous   pictures   for   a   2.1   MP   camera.
I   love   this   camera!
the   only   thing   I   don't   like   about   it   is   that   You   have   to   buy   a   larger   memory   card,   first   thing!
I   got   this   camera   for   an   unbelievably   low   price   at   amazon.
I   would   recommend   this   camera   unequivocally!
I   got   this   camera   for   an   unbelievably   low   price   at   amazon.
I   would   recommend   this   camera   unequivocally!
My last digital camera was an Apple QuickTake 200, which shot 640x480 pixel images.
The Apple was actually better in two repects: it turned-on quickly and it showed you what you just shot right after you shot it.
The ELPH will do the latter but you must hold down the shutter button to view it.
But   this   DOES   work   even   if   you   turn   off   the   LCD   viewing   --   great   battery   saver.
I've   been   using   this   camera   for   a   few   months   now.
A   great   camera,   but   here   are   some   points   which   I   don't   notice   in   most   of   the   reviews   here,   which   may   be   of   concern   especially   to   the   more   advanced   amatuer:
Good   quality   and   fun!
I purchased the Elph s100 mainly because I thought it was cool.
I'm a professional photographer using pro digital equipment and I was looking for something to have around the house so that my wife could capture candid moments with my kids.
In   practice,   we've   been   VERY   happy   with   the   results.
The my camera my does my a my great my job my with my exposure my and my prints my made my with my my my professional my printer my looks my great my (not my as my good my as my prints my from my my my pro my digital my camera, my but my still my VERY my good).
My last digital camera was the Canon Powershot A5 Zoom, which I liked quite a bit.
But I I I was I ready I to I upgrade I and I when I I I discovered I that I Canon I was I going I to I come I out I with I an I even I smaller I digital I camera I with I a I higher I resolution, I I I had I to I have I the I S100.
This is my second digital camera, but I'm much more impressed with the Canon S100 Digital Elph than I EVER was with my Kodak DC240.
This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
The   software   that   comes   with   the   Digital   Elph   is   very   nice   and   intuitive.
I   especially   like   the   way   that   ZoomBrowser   EX   lets   you   look   at   a   virtual   filmstrip   of   your   pictures.
The   PhotoStitch   software   is   very   cool   if   you   want   to   do   any   360   degree   panorama   shots.
I'd suggest that you not only buy this camera, but the case for this camera and an extra battery pack.
My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
I've often struggled to get something to work the way I want it, and hate to have to carry the manual with I all the time!
Other than that, that love this camera.
The   pictures   are   uniformly   excellent   and   color   rendering   is   perfect.
The   good:   Small   size;   durable-seeming   metal   case;   easy   to   use;   visually   distinctive;   good   picture   quality;   fast   USB   connection;   mostly   intuitive   operation;   really   cool   PhotoStitch   software   that   knits   pictures   together   to   give   wide   panoramas.
If compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera, the Canon PowerShot S100 Digital Elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design.
The S100's image quality rates in the middle of its class, but it can still be a reasonable choice for students, families, or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery pack.
Recently   I   was   at   dinner   with   some   friends,   and   we   were   debating   the   merits   of   one   digital   camera   vs.   another.
One of my friends was going on and on about his camera and how fancy One of my friends was.
While he was talking, I took my S100 out of the front pocket of my Levi's and took his picture.
I   said,   can   your   fancy   camera   do   that?
No, because he doesn't (can't) always carry his with him.
End   of   story.
I purchased this camera before it went on sale, and while I wouldn't have minded keeping the extra $$$, it was definitely worth it.
I have been absolutely, completely satisfied with the product and the product capabilities.
I am no computer expert, and this is my first (and probably last) digital camera.
This is a great product, and Canon has done an excellent job.
I've I been I very I reluctant I to I join I the I digital I camera I communitysince I I've I been I an I avid I "legacy" I photographer I for I most I of I mylife.
I received this little jewel as a gift and I can honestly say Iabsolutely love it.
I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
I've   had   this   camera   for   three   years.
price[-1][u]I bought it new, when it was cutting edge and very expensive.
I put a 128MB CF card in it.
First, I I I have I to I say I that I I I have I NEVER I had I the I slightest I problem I with I this I camera I or I the I software.
I've it probably it taken it upwards it of it 5000 it pictures it with it it, it it's it been it all it over it the it country.
The software has been installed on Windows 95, 98, 2000 and XP and I haven't had any problems with it.
The   camera   is   solid,   performs   well,   takes   good   pictures,   and   the   battery   lasts   pretty   long   if   you   disable   the   LCD   viewfinder.
If that big a deal were that big a deal, one could purchase a second battery and rotate.
All   that   said,   I   am   a   little   disappointed   with   the   quality   of   the   pictures   from   the   camera.
They   are   razor   sharp,   the   color   balance   is   perfect,   and   the   focus   is   great.
When   taking   pictures   of   people,   however,   it   shows   EVERY   flaw   in   the   subject's   skin.
Scratches,   oil,   freckles   are   magnified   and   come   out   looking   horrific.
It   requires   extensive   Photoshopping   to   fix   the   flaws.
Other   cameras   taking   pics   of   the   same   subjects   turn   out   looking   much   better.
I will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do it digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture.
By the time the shot's taken, something (especially a squirmy child or a sports play) has invariably moved and it's not the exact picture you wanted.
I'm I going I to I buy I a I real I Single-Lens I Reflex I (SLR) I to I take I baby I pictures, I but I I'll I keep I this I as I a I travel I camera.
I'm   a   writer   and   new   to   digital   photography.
I've   owned   a   few   35mm   cameras   over   the   years,   including   one   SLR   and   two   point   &   shoots.
I   had   been   waiting   for   the   prices   of   digital   cameras   to   come   down   before   taking   the   plunge.
This   year,   with   a   cruise   to   Nova   Scotia   coming   in   August,   I   decided   the   time   was   right   and   just   purchased   a   Canon   S100   Digital   Elph.
I must say, I think this is the coolest camera I've ever owned!
First, tiny ; the size of a pack of cigarettes , maybe a scooch really is tiny; the size of a pack of cigarettes, maybe a scooch deeper.
The   included   battery   charger   is   larger!
Second,   it   is   incredibly   easy   to   use.
I just went on a quick photo shoot in NYC's Central Park today, and what a bunch of beautiful photos I took, if I do say so I (and I do!)
The   camera   is   as   easy   to   use   as   a   point   and   shoot,   and   with   instant   review   on   the   LCD   screen,   you   can   retake   any   flubbed   shots   on   the   spot.
The   two-times   optical   zoom   operates   smoothly   and   quietly,   and   lo   and   behold,   a   two-piece   shutter-like   cap   automatically   slides   closed   over   the   lens   when   you   turn   the   camera   off.
I also had no problems installing or running the camera software on I PC.
I'm I still I learning I about I file I sizes I (and I how I large I is I too I large I to I email), I and I I I did I erase I one I photo I I I wanted I to I keep I as I I I was I getting I used I to I the I menu I system.
But   otherwise   I   am   thrilled   to   have   taken   the   plunge   into   digital   photography.
And   there   are   two   more   advantages   to   digital   photography   which   I   hadn't   anticipated,   beyond   the   lack   of   film   and   developing.
One is the lack of censorship of your photos -- time for some, uh, fashion photography of your wife or girlfriend, if that's something you both would enjoy!
Another is the ability to upload images from your PC to a memory card in the camera.
This is a great source of personal entertainment for travelers, if you catch my drift, and you can zoom in on the LCD images!
I   would   also   recommend   Canon's   soft   case   for   the   camera,   which   has   a   slot   to   attach   to   your   belt   along   with   a   second   nicely   finished   compartment   to   hold   an   extra   battery   or   memory   card.
As   other   reviews   have   noted,   you   will   definitely   want   one   or   more   additional   memory   cards.
I've found I can get from nine to twelve compressed 1600 X 1200 photos on one 8MB card, or 28 images uploaded from I PC.
At   any   rate,   if   you   have   been   interested   in   digital   photography   but   the   price   and   confusion   have   held   you   back,   consider   the   Canon   S100   Digital   Elph.
It really is the perfect travel camera, plus it offers the convenience of digital photography.
If you're looking for a digital camera to replace your big Nikon or Canon SLR, forget a digital camera - film is still king when exquisite detail and fine color rendition are critical.
Before   you   give   up   on   digital   cameras,   though,   ask   yourself   a   few   questions:
got this as this flew off the shelves.
Really   like   it,   easy   to   use,   great   images,   very   intuitive,   fits   in   my   jacket   pocket.
What   else   can   I   say?
I I was I looking I for I a I compact, I rugged I (I I carry I it I hiking, I skiing, I boating, I etc) I camera I which I is I easy I to I use.
I   wanted   standard   memory   expansion   (CF   cards),   macro   mode,   and   if   possible,   a   waterproof   housing   (for   kayaking).
This is the only camera with all these capabilities.
Even with the waterproof housing the waterproof housing is small.
The lens retracts and has The lens own metal cover so you don't need to fuss with a lens cap.
The   metal   housing   seems   very   rugged.
Turn-on   to   ready-to-shoot   is   about   3   seconds.
I'd   give   it   5   stars   if   the   automatic   modes   were   better   and   if   there   were   true   manual   focus   and   exposure   modes.
For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
The   auto   color   balance   is   often   fooled   by   dense   clouds.
You   need   to   use   the   manual   exposure   adjustment   in   backlight   or   bright   light   conditions   such   as   with   snow   in   the   background.
The   dynamic   range   seems   not   quite   as   good   as   the   Kodak   DC260.
The macro mode works well, although it takes some practice since the camera doesn't clearly indicate when it can't focus.
The   white-LED   backlit   LCD   is   very   bright   and   crisp,   even   in   sunlight,   and   relatively   easy   on   the   battery.
The   panorama   modes   are   wonderful.
Buy   at   least   two   batteries   and   you'll   never   run   out   in   the   field.
High-res   photos   take   1-1.5   MBytes   each   so   you   want   a   CF   card   sized   accordingly.
It's so small and light, even with a spare battery, you really can take It anywhere.
In   auto   mode   anyone   can   use   it   as   a   point   and   shoot   camera.
The   manual   modes   give   you   a   lot   of   control   over   exposure   and   white   balance   (but   there   is   no   manual   focus   or   manual   exposure).
1600x1200   means   really   good,   cropped   5x7   prints   and   acceptable   8x10s.
There   are   better   cameras   but   none   anywhere   near   as   light   and   compact.
It's   a   little   jewel.
VERY   smal.
You'll carry it with you every day.
I've been taking near 100 pictures per month since I got mine.
I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
2-   Excellent   picture   quality   and   so   simple   to   use!!!
Fool   proof.
I   started   shooting   even   before   reading   the   manual   (not   recommended   at   all).
3-   USB   kicks!
2   secs   to   download   a   600KB   1600x1200   picture!
4-   Looks   great.
Silver   metal   case   -NOT   PLASTIC.
5-   Excelent   software   package.
6-   Small   but   very   clear   TFT   screen.
Take   shots   at   angles   you   thought   you   wouldn't.
Don't care about sunlight: it's TFT.
7-   360   panoramic   pictures   are   a   very   big   deal.
8-   Buttons   are   little,   but   If   you   have   steady   fingers   and   dealed   with   a   casio   wirst   calculator   watch,   you   can   deal   with   almost   anything.
Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, but not my grany.
9-   Cons?   Not   a   single   one   after   5   months.
i i researched i and i researched i between i getting i the i canon i s20 i or i the i canon i s100, i and i of i course i i i got i the i latter!
and i i'm i glad i i i did!
I I was I looking I for I something I that I wasn't I too I complicated I to I use I and I to I help I the I pics I I I post I on I Ebay I show I more I detial.
This   camera   is   great,   wonderfully   small,   and   has   attactive   hi-tech   casing.
Very   easy   to   use   for   someone   like   me   who's   just   hopping   on   the   digital   camera   bandwagon.
I love not having to go to Walgreen's to get I pictures develpoed anymore!
Definitely   a   good   investment.
The   controls   are   easy   to   understand   and   big   enough   that   they   are   easy   to   see   and   use.
I would recommend spending a little money and the perfect digital camera will be the perfect digital camera.
I   added   a   second   battery   (about   $69,   recharges   in   about   two   hours)   and   a   large   (192Mb   for   less   than   $400)   CF   module.
Now   I   can   take   over   300   1600   x   1280   shots   (or   for   the   webshot   fanatic,   1,141   pictures   at   640   x   480).
The   optical   and   digital   zooms   combine   to   give   an   effective   4x   zoom.
This   is   enough   capacity   and   capability   to   do   a   complete   household   inventory,   for   example.
While this might seem pricy, I have been spending $27 for 25 APS images, with prints and a CD, so this camera will pay for this camera in a year.
I   have   a   35mm   camera   outfit   that   cost   quite   a   bit   of   money   a   few   years   ago.
because, unless it's small, I won't cary it around.
If I won't cary it around, I won't use it, and if I won't use it, what's the point?
My   first   impression   of   Elph   S100   was   that   there   couldn't   POSSIBLY   be   room   in   the   thing   for   anything   other   than   a   battery   and   a   memory   card.
Somehow, the engineers at Canon did it, and the results are nothing less than astounding.
I was a little skeptical about what people had said about this camera, because it's just so small.
After getting one for Christmas from Amazon, I'm now a believer: The Digital Elph is truly the world's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures.
I've had this camera just over 2 years and this camera just over 2 years takes pretty good pictures.
The   size   is   tiny,   which   I   love.
We bought extra memory and a backup battery (so We can use one while the other is charging).
Sometimes the pictures are onthe dark side, but I'm able to fix that using the Photoshop 6.0 "adjust levels" function ... not sure how a person would do that without Photoshop, though.
OK so I bookmarked pages about this camera on our home computer, in a place I was sure I wife would see, and loh and behold, what did I get.
Thank   you   Santa!
I   bought   this   camera   at   the   end   of   August.
With   the   camera   I   also   bought   a   128MB   compact   flash   card,   an   extra   battery,   and   a   carrying   case.
I   also   recently   bought   Viking's   IntelliFlash   Memory   Reader.
I've   got   a   couple   of   digital   cameras.
An   Olympus   2500   and   an   Olympus   620.
Really like them, them work well and the macro function of the 2500 really helps my Ebay biz.
BUT they they they are they big they cameras, they they they have they to they reside they in they a they large they case, they they they need they all they kinds they of they batteries, they in they short they they're they a they pain they to they lug they around.
I've   struggled   for   years   with   supposedly   high-quality   point   and   shoot   35mm   cameras   delivering   astonishingly   inconsistent   results.
The   Canon   S100   destroys   this   problem.
I've I had I this I camera I for I roughly I 3 I weeks I now I and I I've I taken I approximately I 250 I pictures.
The   results   are   superb...   both   in   print   and   over   the   computer.
Positives:
This   camera   is   so   easy   to   use!
I   just   took   it   out   of   the   box,   charged   the   battery,   and   started   taking   pictures.
All   the   features   are   incredibly   intuitive,   even   for   a   novice   like   me.
I   would   recommend   getting   a   larger   Compact   Flash   card,   because   once   you   start   taking   pictures,   you   won't   want   to   stop.
The pictures are beautiful, and the camera is so small you can carry the camera anywhere.
I,   as   many   others,   have   waited   for   many   years   for   the   convergence   of   price,   features,   size   and   ease   of   use   to   hit   that   happy   center   point.
Well   wait   no   more!
I I bought I this I little I guy I a I few I weeks I back, I and I I I have I to I saythat I I I never I had I so I much I fun I with I a I new I toy I as I this.
You   willdefinitly   appreciate   the   small   size.
You   can   take   it   anywhere   withyou,   unlike   other   bulky   cameras,   and   capture   every   moment   of   yourlife.
