i   recently   purchased   the   canon   powershot   g3   and   am   extremely   satisfied   with   the   purchase   .
the   camera   is   very   easy   to   use   ,   in   fact   on   a   recent   trip   this   past   week   i   was   asked   to   take   a   picture   of   a   vacationing   elderly   group   .
after i took their picture with their camera , their offered to take a picture of us .
i   just   told   them   ,   press   halfway   ,   wait   for   the   box   to   turn   green   and   press   the   rest   of   the   way   .
they   fired   away   and   the   picture   turned   out   quite   nicely   .   (   as   all   of   my   pictures   have   thusfar   )   .
a   few   of   my   work   constituants   owned   the   g2   and   highly   recommended   the   canon   for   picture   quality   .
i'm   easily   enlarging   pictures   to   8   1/2   x   11   with   no   visable   loss   in   picture   quality   and   not   even   using   the   best   possible   setting   as   yet   (   super   fine   )   .
ensure you get a larger flash , 128 or 256 , some are selling with a larger flash , 32mb will do in a pinch but you'll quickly want a larger flash card as with any of the 4mp cameras .
bottom   line   ,   well   made   camera   ,   easy   to   use   ,   very   flexible   and   powerful   features   to   include   the   ability   to   use   external   flash   and   lense   /   filters   choices   .
i'd   highly   recommend   this   camera   for   anyone   who   is   looking   for   excellent   quality   pictures   and   a   combination   of   ease   of   use   and   the   flexibility   to   get   advanced   with   many   options   to   adjust   if   you   like   .
great   job   canon   !
yep   .
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is !
i am a software engineer and am very keen into technical details of everything i buy , i spend around 3 months before buying the digital camera ; and i must say , g3 worth every single cent i spent on it .
just a little overview , powershot g3 is the flagship of canon's powershot series and its an slr-like camera , its 4 megapixel and ( alsmost ) full manual control gives the pictures a touch of brilliance .
whether you are you , its ease of use and functionality goes together .
+   you   can   have   different   kind   of   lens   if   you   want   +   flashes   ,   etc.
as   its   4mp   ,   you   might   need   bigger   storage   to   store   high   quality   images   and   recording   movies   (   you   can   record   3   minutes   of   video   )   .
i   am   using   kingston   512mb   cf   which   works   great   and   is   very   fast   .
a   good   choice   could   be   cf   type   ii   ,   microdrives   that   can   store   around   1   gb   of   images   .
some   things   that   i   didn't   like   (   but   hey   .   nothing   is   perfect   ).
*   main   dial   is   not   backlit   .
*   lens   visible   in   optical   viewfinder   .
( well thats only for old-school die-hard optical viewfinder fans ) use lcd instead lcd instead is brilliant and you can twist around too .
overall i'm happy with i toy .
i   did   extensive   research   comparing   different   4   and   5   megapixel   cameras   .
a   couple   of   online   camera   review   sites   were   extremely   helpful   ,   as   they   provided   complete   exhaustive   reviews   of   nearly   every   camera   made   ,   plus   provided   a   great   number   of   high   resolution   sample   images   to   compare   amongst   the   models   .
following my research , my decided on the g3 .
i   bought   a   512   mb   card   ,   which   seems   to   hold   about   400   photos   at   the   highest   resolution   .