i am a business user who heavily depend on mobile service .
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .
just   double   check   with   customer   service   to   ensure   the   number   provided   by   amazon   is   for   the   city   /   exchange   you   wanted   .
after i several i years i of i torture i in i the i hands i of i at&t i customer i service i i i am i delighted i to i drop i them i , i and i look i forward i to i august i 2004 i when i i i will i convert i our i other i 3 i family-phones i from i at&t i to i t-mobile i !
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in i recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38; t's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .
i have owned motorola , panasonic and nokia phones over the last 8 years and generally prefer nokia , this phone combines many of the best nokia features , the only feature missing for i is the voice recognition .
my favorite features , although there are many , are the speaker phone , the radio and the infrared .
the speaker phone is very functional and i use the speaker phone in the car , very audible even with freeway noise .
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .
the combination of the nokia 6610 and t-mobile service ( signal , price , service ) is a winner , i highly recommend the combination of the nokia 6610 .
the i day i finally i arrived i when i i i was i sure i i'd i leave i sprint i .
after   years   with   that   carrier's   expensive   plans   and   horrible   customer   service   ,   portability   seemed   heaven-sent   .
i'd i always i eyed i the i nokia i phones i and i had i heard i decent i things i about i t-mobile i , i so i i i gave i it i a i whirl i .
here's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of " plastic-like " ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy .
it   has   lots   of   little   cute   features   ,   my   favorite   being   the   games   and   the   pim   (   personal   information   manager   --   i.e.   organizer   )   ,   and   the   radio   !
i i spent i hours i setting i up i the i stations i ( i accepts i about i 13-14 i , i i i believe i ) i , i though i the i reception i is i unpredictable i .
also   ,   you   need   to   have   the   headset   plugged   in   all   the   time   to   have   the   radio   work   and   that   can   get   tedious   .
the headset that comes with the phone has good sound volume but the headset that comes with the phone hurts the ears like you cannot imagine !
the phone comes with okay ringtones , some decent backgrounds / screensavers , but the phone has very little memory ( mine had 230kb as the phone arrived from amazon , so you don't have too many options on what you can put on there ) .
the   colors   on   the   screen   are   not   as   crisp   as   i'd   have   liked   them   to   be   .
however , it serves it purpose .
the   backlight   on   the   phone   goes   off   way   too   quickly   (   dangerous   when   you're   driving   at   night   )   ,   and   there's   no   way   to   change   this   --
i   checked   with   nokia   .
the   buttons   on   the   phone   are   small   ,   even   for   my   small   fingertips   ,   but   you   get   used   to   them   rather   quickly   .
the   menu   options   are   uncreative   ,   as   you   can't   see   a   full   screen   of   menu   items   to   pick   from   ;   you   have   to   scroll   up   and   down   to   find   what   you're   looking   for   (   yes   ,   this   is   minor   ,   but   not   when   you're   trying   to   keep   your   eye   on   the   road   !   )   .
more   downside   to   this   phone   ?
the   volume   .
oh   my   goodness   --
i   have   excellent   hearing   but   the   volume   level   on   this   phone   is   especially   quiet   .
forget   talking   on   it   in   public   --   you   just   can't   hear   the   other   person   !
on   the   up-side   ,   the   phone   has   amazing   battery   life   .
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3.5 ) , but unforutnately , i am returning it .
i   was   surprised   by   t-mobile's   service   .
i assumed they had exceptional service , but their reception in my area ( los angeles ) is horrendous .
reason   ?
they   piggy-back   on   cingular's   service   .
also   ,   their   t-zones   ,   although   cheap   (   $   4.99   /   mo.   )   never   works   .
since i received the phone , i spent countless hours on the phone with customer service reps who promised t-zones would work " in 24 hours " .
i   must   have   heard   this   about   a   dozen   times   over   the   span   of   2   weeks   ,   when   t-zones   never   worked   .
24   hours   ?
by   what   time   standards   --   martian   ?
apparently   ,   t-mobile   is   heavily   back-logged   and   can't   keep   up   with   demands   .
also   ,   they'd   forgotten   to   add   "   wap   "   capability   to   my   service   (   duh   )   ,   so   that   took   another   4-5   days   of   figuring   out   .
in all fairness , customer reps are very nice , and they ( most of them ) try hard to answer your questions .
but they they they do they have they this they annoying they habit they of they asking they you they if they they've they answered they all they your they questions they , they even they if they they they didn't they , they to they which they they they always they seem they to they expect they a they " they yes they " they answer they from they you they .
i realize this is for quality assurance purposes , but i should have the right to say when my questions have not been answered ( i.e. me :
"   when   will   my   t-zones   work   ?   "   ,   csr   :
"   i'm   not   sure   "   .   )   .
umm   ,   well   ,   thanks   for   nothing   .
this one csr insisted on trying to get me to say that he'd answered all my questions ( same interaction as i just described ) , and well .. .
that   was   annoying   .
t-mobile   is   trying   very   hard   ,   and   again   --   they   do   have   pretty   good   csr's   .
however , the calls constantly drop in my area and my experince mega-static , to the point where i'd have to dial numbers 6-7 times to get a clear line .
and   no   t-zones   .
so   what's   the   point   ?
i'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr isn't nearly as good as t-mobile's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .
i've bought the very expensive sanyo 5500/vm4500 -- which i love -- and i'm okay with i services .
guess   all   that   glitters   is   not   gold   .
it it was it worth it a it shot it -- it too it bad it it it didn't it work it out it .
hope   someone   else   has   better   luck   !
i bought one of these phones in kuwait to use with the mtc prepaid telephone service ez because i would be able to use it when i return to the states with t-mobile .
recently my i my accidently my washed my my my telephone my with my my my laundry my through my two my complete my 18 my minute my wash my cycles my of my a my washing my machine my .
disgusted with myself after i found the phone in the bottom of the washing machine , i was about to throw it away when one of my fellow soldiers asked if he could dry it out for me in an effort to revive the phone .
two   days   later   the   phone   was   returned   to   me   in   complete   working   order   .
while i like the performance of the phone in every regard , i would buy another one solely upon the apparent indestructibility of it .
i   highly   recommend   a   nokia   6610   .
i've had an assortment of cell phones over the years ( motorola , sony ericsson , nokia etc. ) and in i opinion , nokia has the best menus and promps hands down .
no   other   color   phone   has   the   combination   of   features   that   the   6610   offers   .
from   the   speakerphone   that   can   be   used   up   to   15   feet   away   with   clarity   ,   to   the   downloadable   poly-graphic   megatones   that   adds   a   personal   touch   to   this   nifty   phone   .
whether   you're   taking   a   brisk   jog   ,   waiting   for   a   bus   or   just   having   lunch   at   the   park   ,   you'll   be   glad   you   had   the   fm   radio   .
wish   it   were   a   flip   phone   ,   but   thats   not   a   deal   breaker   !
i   have   had   this   phone   for   about   5   months   .
i treat the battery well and the battery has lasted .
at my heaviest usage , my must recharge after 3 days .
it   lasts   about   5   days   otherwise   and   has   lasted   up   to   10   when   i   was   making   very   few   calls   .
signal   strength   will   affect   the   battery   life   .
frequent   signal   searches   eat   up   battery   power   .
i took great care of the screen , till i realized that the part that might get scratched is part of the cover .
i   can   replace   that   if   the   scratch   is   unbearable   to   look   at   .
the   volume   level   of   the   phone   is   not   all   that   good   .
some   of   the   higher   pitched   rings   are   very   easy   to   hear   ,   but   not   easy   to   listen   to   .
the   more   subtle   tones   that   were   included   with   the   phone   are   hard   to   hear   at   times   .
the   vibration   is   not   top   .
it is a teeny phone , so a teeny phone is hard to put a big mechanism in .
i it don't it use it the it vibration it , it because it it it is it often it easier it to it hear it it it vibrate it then it to it feel it it it .
vibration   was   not   even   listed   as   a   feature   when   i   purchased   this   .
so no loss was no loss .
overall this has been my favorite phone that i have owned .
great   battery   life   ,   perfect   size   ,   but   a   tid   bit   quieter   than   i   would   like   .
i   do   hope   that   they   offer   more   faceplate   options   .
i   am   bored   with   the   silver   look   .
it   has   a   nice   color   screen   .
it   is   small   .
radio   is   awsome   ,   but   it   doesn't   work   unless   you   have   the   earpice   in   .
that is a major minus , but its not that bad .
t-mobile   was   a   pretty   good   server   .
it   has   2   games   .
they   are   not   wowable   good   .
you   have   to   buy   better   ones   .
it   also   doesn't   have   voice   activated   dialing   .   big   minus   !   !
this is a very nice phone , but there is no warranty on it .
nokia   will   not   cover   phones   bought   from   amazon   .
we   got   two   phones   for   the   t-mobile   family   plan   (   indeed   very   easy   to   switch   to   the   family   plan   )   and   one   came   with   a   broken   headphone   (   can   hear   but   cannot   be   heard   )   and   one   died   today   after   less   than   two   weeks   of   use   .
i'll i see i how i much i help i i i can i get i from i amazon i and i report i back i .
i upgraded to a 6610 at i local t-mobile store .
when   i   got   it   home   ,   i   discovered   that   the   menu   options   for   sending   messages   via   either   text   or   email   simply   weren't   there   :
it   defaulted   to   unchangeable   email   .
so i spent half an hour on the phone with tech support , only to have the online tech person pull one off the shelf and tell me he had the same problem .
i returned to the store , whereupon the clerk insisted that he could make it work ; he couldn't .
he   spent   another   half   hour   on   the   phone   with   tech   support   ,   to   no   avail   .
so   i   had   to   give   up   and   return   it   ,   having   lost   about   4   hours   .
while   i   had   the   phone   ,   the   positive   features   were   :   good   sound   quality   and   an   excellent   fm   phone   and   earpiece   .
negative   :   impossibly   tiny   and   difficult   to   operate   ,   barely   visible   ,   power   button   .
poor   visibility   on   the   keys   .
you   have   to   tilt   the   phone   around   to   catch   the   light   on   them   .
the title says the title all ...
the   two   biggest   things   is   the   excellent   working   speakerphone   "   unlike   the   nokia   3650   "   and   the   superb   reception   nokia   is   known   for   in   the   gsm   phones   they   make   ...
only   con   i   can   think   of   is   no   camera   ...   .
no   big   deal   for   the   size   .   .
this   phone   is   a   winner   ...
anything this phone does , this phone does perfectly .
the speakerphone , the radio , all features work perfectly .
the   speakerphone   :
this   phone   has   a   very   cool   and   useful   feature   --   the   speakerphone   .
as   said   before   this   works   perfectly   .
you   can   adjust   the   volume   to   be   heard   anywhere   or   so   that   it   doesn't   make   that   big   of   a   disturbance   .
the   person   on   the   other   end   of   the   call   can   hear   you   perfectly   .
you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly .
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing .
the   radio   :
this   phone   is   one   of   the   few   phones   that   have   an   fm   radio   tuner   built   in   .
this   radio   receives   fairly   decent   reception   but   not   nearly   as   good   as   a   normal   radio   ,   but   as   long   as   the   stations   are   coming   in   clearly   the   phone's   radio   should   work   perfectly   .
tri-band   :
one highly beneficial feature of this phone ( at least to me ) is that one highly beneficial feature of this phone -LRB- at least to me -RRB- can be used anywhere in the world except a few countries that do not use gsm , a few in asia .
i bought this phone for my trip to south africa and it worked almost perfectly .
the only problem i had was the only problem i had .
anywhere   i   went   in   south   africa   this   phone   received   full   bar   reception   .
if it it it worked it like it that it in it south it africa it , it i it imagine it it it would it just it work it without it a it hitch it in it europe it .
sold   in   other   parts   of   the   world   :
another benefit of this phone is that it is truly an international phone ; the 6610 is sold in almost everywhere in the world .
this   means   that   there   is   a   good   chance   that   this   phone   will   not   break   easily   like   typical   american   phones   .
or on the rare occasion it does you can bring it into any t-mobile store , which are located in many countries in europe .
i cannot stress enough how big of a benefit a benefit is to have a european phone and a european company providing your cell phone service .
able   to   use   service   in   another   country   :
if you decide to go to another country for an extended period of time , you can just buy a sim card from a service provider in another country for an extended period of time .
you that country would that country then that country have that country a that country phone that country number that country in that country that that country country that country and that country not that country have that country to that country pay that country for that country international that country roaming that country in that country that that country country that country .
size   and   weight   :
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; it is unbelievably small and oh , so light .
this is a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance , your pants won't be bulging with a benefit for many reasons ; one being just for appearance phone in your pocket .
battery   life   :
the   battery   life   on   this   phone   is   surreal   .
it   lasts   ,   truly   ,   7   days   on   standby   .
i've   used   the   speakerphone   for   almost   two   hours   once   and   the   battery   did   not   even   go   down   one   single   bar   .
it   is   amazing   that   the   battery   lasts   so   long   when   the   phone   is   so   small   and   light   .
this phone has many other features , ir , ; just to name one , many other features view as the most beneficial .
the phone has a few minor inconveniences , but only because the phone lacks those features , bluetooth and high spend internet , but there are very few problems with things that you expected this phone to do .
overall   ,   i   highly   recommend   this   phone   .
it is a perfect phone in such a small and appealing package .
i love the pros and cons reviews so here the pros and cons go :
pros   :
size   -   extremely   small   and   convenient   will   fit   in   your   pocket   and   not   bother   you   .
sound   -   excellent   polyphonic   ringing   tones   are   very   nice   (   check   cons   )   it   also   doubles   as   a   radio   ,   which   is   a   nice   feature   when   you   are   bored   .
speakerphone   -   loud   and   clear   has   some   nice   extra   features   like   currency   converter   and   a   stopwatch   .
surfing the web on it is nice as well , as well .
cons   :
ring   tones   only   come   with   crazy   songs   and   annoying   rings   ,   there   is   only   one   ring   that   sounds   close   to   a   regular   ring   .
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap the warranty out .
games   kind   of   stink   and   you   cant   download   them   you   have   to   get   the   link   cable   to   get   additional   games   .
nice   little   phone   ...   light   compact   .   .
great   features   .   .
buttons . do . seem . a . little . sticky . tho . .. . and . the . hands . free . kits . ' . connector . might . be . a . problem . ..
perhaps there is a tone of irony in the title of my review , but i actually mean it in earnest .
after having had my heart broken by a sexy piece of hardware a sexy piece of hardware simply wouldn't perform .
i   replaced   it   with   this   not-quite-so-dazzling   ,   but   definitely   more   functional   device   .
although the nokia 6610 is a little short on the features department , it is an outstanding piece of hardware for doing what it was primarily meant to do : to be a wireless telephone .
the   reception   and   sound   quality   are   top-notch   .
i can routinely talk on the phone in i house in the suburbs , which is an unaccustomed luxury , even with t-mobile service .
i   like   the   size   and   weight   of   this   little   critter   .
i am able to carry it close to i body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed .
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it's not too weird .
the fact that the " 0 " the space key for text input is the space the space key for text input for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " the space key for text input instead .
but that's not an insurmoutable obstacle .
the   screen   is   bright   ,   easy   to   see   in   the   daylight   ,   with   nice   colors   .
it   receives   very   nice   mms   pictures   from   other   gsm   phones   .
there   are   some   features   in   the   user   interface   that   i   find   a   little   inconvenient   .
the menu options appear one at a time , taking up the whole screen , and one has to scroll down one by one , or have memorized where they are in the menu order , to select they by using the number keypad .
thumbs   down   on   that   one   .
the   vibrate   setting   is   loud   !
so   loud   ,   really   ,   that   it   doesn't   work   terribly   well   as   a   silent   ringer   option   .
but , then again , the ringer can be so loud that i heard it ringing inside my office , when i was already out on the street .. .
which was a good thing , because i realized i had forgotten i phone ...
other   things   that   i   miss   are   voice-activated   dialing   and   a   standard   2.5   mm   headset   jack   .
i'd i like i a i camera i phone i , i but i i'd i rather i have i a i phone i than i a i toy i that i takes i pictures i but i makes i no i calls i ...
pros   :
-   light   ,   compact   design
-   solid   ,   high-quality   construction
-   well-backlit   keypad
-   outstanding   signal   reception
-   excellent   sound   quality
-   bright   ,   visible   screen
-   speakerphone
-   very   long-lasting   battery   life
cons   :
-   some   features   in   the   user   interface
- no voice activated dialing ( what were they thinking
-   no   option   for   caller-id   pictures   or   individualized   ringtones   .
-   no   propietary   headset   jack
this   bumpy   is   wicked   groovy   .
i i thought i it i would i be i haggard i but i when i i i be i gotted i this i junky i i i was i mad i happy i and i stuff i .
this junky is super duper rad. my fav c-phone be my fav c-phone and stuff .
so go and buy dis sucka beefo dis sucka beefo all be gone an stuffff .
aight   den   bumpy   ?
word   ...   peace   in   the   east   bruvah   .
one   of   the   best   cell   phones   i   have   ever   used   to-date   .
i   like   the   speakphone   function   a   lot   .
it allows me to place the phone on the table while talking and working on me computer or other jobs .
i   am   very   pleased   with   its   quality   and   durability   .
i   like   the   automatic   key   lock   function   .
the phone is very light weight .
the   screen   is   bright   and   ring   tones   are   unlimited   .
the   fm   radio   is   cool   .
most   of   our   emplyees   use   this   model   phone   .
best   regards   sadoun   satellite   sales
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones .
after   much   survey   of   all   the   present   handsets   and   recommendations   from   friends   ,   i   bought   this   nokia   6610   .
and really the best phone one could have is the best phone one could have .
it   has   all   the   features   one   would   need   in   a   cellphone   .
it   is   lightweight   ,   sleek   and   attractive   .
this   phone   is   very   user-friendly   ,   easy   to   manipulate   &#38;   very   convenient   to   scroll   in   menu   etc   .
the   time   taken   in   shifting   from   one   menu   option   to   other   is   in   microseconds   only   .
it   has   fm   radio   option   and   i   can   listen   to   music   anytime   .
its   speakerphone   option   allows   us   to   do   long   talks   conveniently   ,   lying   on   bed   &#38;   phone   lying   by   your   pillowside   .
it   comes   equipped   with   lot   of   wallpapers   and   polyphonic   sweet   tunes   .
only if we could get one camera in one . .
it   did   have   scored   over   all   other   competitors   ....
i am enjoying i phone a lot ....
like   some   other   reviewers   ,   i   recieved   this   phone   using   t-mobiles   upgrade   program   .
i had been comparing the 3650 , 3560 and the 3595 but couldn't settle ... then along came the 6610 , which was perfect for i .
pros   :
small   size   .
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it .
just   make   sure   the   keys   are   locked   .
color   screen   is   good   .
it   has   lots   of   features   such   as   the   calendar   which   works   like   my   outlook   calendar   .
the   keys   are   laid   out   normal   so   there   is   no   guessing   .
navigating   through   the   menus   is   super   easy   ,   especially   if   you   have   owned   a   previous   model   nokia   phone   .
battery life is very good , i use it every day and i have to charge it every 5 or 6 days or so .
cons   :
not   many   .
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing this accidentally when you are in a call .
pc   cable   is   too   expensive   ...   $   50   for   a   usb   cable   ?
please   !
is this how nokia subsidizes this free pc software ?
first of all i have been a big nokia fan and have been upgrading i cell phones about once a year ( right after the release contract is over ) .
my last phone was a samsung s105 which imo is superior and cheaper to this phone .
below   is   how   i   evaulate   this   phone   with   other   t-mobile   phones   which   i   have   borrowed   from   parents   /   friends   :
sound   quality   :
the   most   important   thing   for   me   is   sound   quality   .
nokias have always had good sound quality and no exception is no exception .
i   think   the   sound   quality   of   this   phone   is   slightly   better   than   my   samsung   phone   ,   the   motorolla   t720   series   ,   and   the   sony   ericsson   t610   series   .
the   loud   speaker   function   on   the   6610   is   great   because   you   don't   need   to   put   your   phone   right   next   to   your   ear   to   talk   .
overall   design   :
i like my phones to be small so my can fit it in my pockets .
of all these phones the motorolla and the sony ericsson phones are the motorolla .
the 6610 is the actually the longest but they are all very small .
as much as i like nokia phones the flip phones imo are much better because a ) you wont scratch your screens / the keys b ) you dont need to lock your phone all the time to prevent accidently hitting the the keys .
ease   of   use   :
how   easy   is   it   for   me   to   get   to   a   certain   menu   ?
the   samsung   phones   has   a   customize   function   so   that   you   can   assign   certain   functions   to   directional   buttons   (   like   assign   alarm   clock   to   the   left   directional   key   )   .
that is a very nice feature .
the   6610   is   still   easier   to   use   than   the   other   two   phones   (   t610   ,   t720i   )   .
the sony ericsson phone ( t610 ) has the most whistles and bells , but is also the most whistles and bells to use .
battery   :
the   nokia   ,   samsung   and   the   sony   phones   can   all   last   for   3   days   provided   you   don't   talk   too   much   .
the   motorolla   phone   have   a   horrible   battery   which   lasts   about   a   day   (   although   i   heard   that   the   motorolla   t722i   has   a   much   longer   battery   life   )   .
features   :
the   t610   has   the   most   functionality   hands   down   .
personally   i   found   the   integrated   digital   camera   of   the   t610   to   be   very   nice   .
my girlfriend is paranoid when i am not around her and i just take a pic and send it to her on the spot so she can regain her sanity .
the   t610   can   also   compose   music   ,   a   feature   which   most   won't   use   .
the   6610   has   the   radio   function   which   is   utterly   useless   .
it   also   has   a   stock   tracking   app   built   in   (   also   useless   )   and   a   somewhat   useful   application   which   converts   all   types   of   metrics   (   currency   ,   length   ,   area   ,   etc   )   .
the   s105   (   samsung   )   has   a   beautiful   big   display   (   65,000   colors   )   ,   and   i   can't   say   much   about   the   motorolla   .
all these phones have color screens , color screens , and are internet ready .
in music tones department the 6610 has 20 chords ( thats number of different instruments which it can play ) i think , the samsung i think have 15 , i donno about the other phones but i feel the t610 has the best sounding ring tones .
regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop .
i   called   nokia   tech   support   and   they   blamed   microsoft   .
oh   well   ..
overall   this   is   a   slightly   better   than   average   phone   .
both   the   samsung   and   the   sony   phones   offer   a   lot   more   features   than   this   6610   .
personally i like the samsung phones better because i found i liking the flip phones so much more .
i   think   there   is   a   good   chance   i   will   try   to   get   a   samsung   flip   camera   phone   next   year   .
if   t-mobile   does   not   offer   such   a   phone   most   likely   i   will   get   the   t610   .
they are all free if you get a new account anyway , but stick to t-mobile if you are going to use your phone overseas because t-mobile actually allows you to unlock your simm cards so that you can buy simm cards cheap from other nations and plug into your phone when you are doing some international travelling .
this is the best phone i have seen .
i bought 2 of these phones 2 months ago for myself and my girlfriend .
we got a familyplan from t-mobile which saves we tons .
the   phones   are   awesome   .
we   hardly   ever   have   to   charge   them   ,   get   great   reception   (   live   in   chicago   )   ,   and   the   customization   and   applications   are   awesome   .
here's a hint : go to nokia.com and get their pc suite and a connection cable if you dont have irda or bluetooth .
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i.e. free ringtones from free graphics from any picture on your computer , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jme you can even make your own apps / games .
the phone's sound quality is great ( turn up the volume if its too quiet , people , this thing will get loud ) i dont have any complaints about this phone and the only thing that i miss from my 8290 is voice dialing .
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it .
nice   and   small   and   excellent   when   it   comes   to   downloading   games   ,   graphics   and   ringtones   from   www.crazycellphone.com
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .
the   features   are   really   cool   like   the   radio   .
the first night i got this phone i put it next to me when i went to bed just to listen to my favorite music station and the handset itself doesnt weight anything its too light and feel so comfy with it .
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! ! ! ! i love this phone ! ! !
why   i   don't   can   this   product   without   a   plan   ?
i'm i live i in i brazil i and i i i need i very i to i buy i this i product i without i a i plan i to i use i in i here i in i other i operators i .
i'm pay in auto-debit in i account .
please , if anyone want sell to me this cell phone in my conditions , i'm wait very happy .
thanks   !
i thought this was the ultimate phone when it comes to basic features , but i was dissapointed when i saw that it was only a gsm comaptible phone .
as   i   travel   quite   a   lot   ,   i'd   want   something   with   gsm   as   well   as   cdma   tri-band   .
for a specific location , i still think a specific location a great phone .
i i think i that i it i is i a i were i good i mobile i phone i and i i i may i buy i it i .
this really is a great little phone ; its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny !
i   waited   a   few   years   between   phones   ,   mostly   because   (   like   most   i   think   )   i   didnt   really   need   one   .
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; this phone fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .
the downside though , may be a big one for you .
its   quiet   .
really   quiet   .
grandma   in   church   quiet   .
i've gotten used to it ( holding it in just the right realation to the ear , ducking into quieter places in bars ) but when others borrow it they're shocked i can use it .
so , i recomend it , but not for those that have any hearing troubles have any hearing troubles , or for those that have any hearing troubles like to talk a lot in crowded public places ( which is annoying , by the way . )
i bought this phone when this phone first came out in the summer .
prior my to my my my switch my to my t-mobile my , my sprint my was my my my service my provider my .
to say the least , i was horribly dissatisified with i service with sprint , which was why t-mobile was so fantastically refreshing .
my past two phones were all flip phones , and my was beginning to tire of them .
nokia was my first nonflip phone , and i'm glad i decided to go with them .
first   of   all   ,   my   calls   were   loud   and   clear   ,   unlike   with   sprint   .
i could make phone calls from locations i previously could not ( like i apartment ) .
the   phone   is   small   ,   light   ,   and   very   attractive   .
the   battery   life   is   amazing   .
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .
i'm not one who uses web browsing , so this phone easily met and surpassed i needs .
i   highly   recommend   this   phone   to   anyone   .
i've   yet   to   be   dissappointed   .
nokia 6610 ( sound quality ) the phone is great with very cool features &#38; options , but comparing to my older motorola phone , my older motorola phone gets a failing grade in speaker quality .
i   do   here   a   constant   high-pitched   distorted   sound   ,   not   to   mention   the   volume   does   not   seem   to   be   loud   enough   .
it's   going   back   today   ,   &#38;   being   replaced   with   the   new   samsung   x105   .
you   do   take   your   chances   with   this   phone   .
i considered this phone ( nokia 6610 ) , mainly because of i sister and the features .
it is a great phone , if you are traveling all over the world , packed with wonderful features .
truly ! , ! i ! am ! quite ! impressed ! . ! . ! ! ! !
this is a very light phone - a little less than 3 oz , with long battery life ( not as long as the new polymer technology ) .
on an average , you would charge an average once a week .
the hands-free speakerphone is quite powerful ( like the motorola phone , the motorola phone ) .
i   simply   love   this   feature   .
in   addition   it   comes   with   a   sleek   and   powerful   headset   .
the   built   in   fm   radio   is   excellent   for   people   traveling   by   public   transport   .
if you buy the stereo headset , you will enjoy the stereo headset much more .
the   pc   sync   feature   is   superb   that   comes   with   nokia   pc   suite   software   (   with   data   cable   or   infrared   port   or   bluetooth   )   .
no   more   hazzles   of   keying   in   all   data   ,   using   the   small   phone   keypad   .
just   maintain   them   (   phonebook   ,   calendar   and   to-do   list   )   in   ms   outlook   or   lotus   notes   and   transfer   data   back   and   forth   .
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , more tones , screensaver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc. )
the mobile text messaging , the mobile text messaging .
the   mms   technology   is   very   well   integrated   with   this   phone   ,   which   you   will   enjoy   .
the   built-in   camera   they   offer   these   days   is   more   of   kids   stuff   .
if   you   have   a   good   digital   camera   ,   there   is   no   reason   to   consider   the   camera   capabilities   of   a   mobile   phone   .
however   ,   if   you   are   keen   ,   you   can   attach   a   camera   to   this   phone   .
i i have i not i yet i discovered i the i internet i features i yet i , i which i i i will i be i doing i soon i .
i felt that i should write this comment asap , as i am quite excited in using its features .
i   can   recommend   this   phone   to   anyone   ,   anytime   .
after   using   the   bulky   3650   for   three   weeks   ,   i   searched   for   a   smaller   alternative   .
i   was   immediately   interested   in   the   6610   .
i   have   used   this   phone   for   two   months   now   .
not it only it is it it it the it perfect it size it ( it not it too it small it , it not it too it large it ) it , it it it also it has it all it the it features it a it high-tech it phone it user it would it want it .
if   you   can   live   without   an   integrated   camera   ,   you   won't   miss   much   more   .
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite the phone delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .
the   phone   book   is   very   user-friendly   and   the   speakerphone   is   excellent   .
even   better   ,   with   the   optional   headset   you   can   listen   to   music   over   the   integrated   radio   .
if   there   are   any   drawbacks   to   this   phone   here   they   are   .
although   i   find   it   more   convenient   to   use   1-touch   dialing   ,   this   phone   does   not   have   voice   dialing   .
the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press .
however   ,   the   battery   life   is   good   enough   you   shouldn't   be   overly   concerned   with   turning   this   phone   off   .
in my opinion the side-mounted volume control is the side-mounted volume control .
it   requires   significant   force   to   operate   which   can   be   scary   on   such   a   small   phone   .
one   other   issue   is   that   the   headphone   jack   is   unique   to   nokia   ,   so   standard   headphones   will   not   work   .
overall the best phone i have ever owned is the best phone i have ever owned .
any   disadvantages   are   easily   outweighed   by   its   advantages   .
nokia   does   not   disappoint   in   this   model   .
go   for   it   !
i i couldn't i be i happier i with i t-mobile i either i , i i i switched i from i cingular i .
one   complaint   ...   the   screen   is   too   easily   scratched   !
but   there   are   faceplates   to   replace   it   i   guess   ...
almost   there   .
i   got   this   phone   in   t-mobile's   current   customer   retention   program   for   very   little   money   and   no   contract   renewal   .
i was getting so sick of i old motorola l7089 , but was waiting for the right phone to come along .
this is almost this but not quite but the price was right .
that said this phone does what this phone does extremely well - way better than anything motorola can produce .
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably i favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .
what it lacks for me isn't available on one phone yet , one phone yet ( also sometimes known as gsm800 ) , bluetooth and edge .
so   when   the   quad   bands   start   appearing   i   will   be   upgrading   again   .
but   for   now   this   will   do   .
oh and before anyone comments yes i know motorola have announced a quad band edge bluetooth phone , but its not shipping at time of writing and the tri-band gsm850 phones lack the gsm900 band which is important if you like me globally roam .
great . phone . .. . .
great . features . .. . .
i   purchased   this   phone   after   having   been   an   at   &#38;   t   subscriber   with   a   nokia   8260   phone   for   over   three   years   .
i did a ton of research and settled on this phone because of the small size , speakerphone option , great priced calling plan and access to my corporate email .
i went to an at &#38; t store before i bought this phone to see if it was possible to get corporate email with any of their services and they looked at me like i had three heads .
they told me i would have to connect to my laptop , which had to be on and connected to my corporate network through the phone in order to access my corporate email .
with   the   t-mobile   unlimited   t-zones   for   $   10   ,   i   can   check   any   number   of   email   addresses   and   use   unlimited   internet   .
i   have   had   no   problems   with   the   phone   .
friends it of it mine it are it always it asking it about it it it and it wanting it to it use it it it .
i've   even   had   one   friend   buy   one   immediately   after   a   test   drive   .
great   phone   ,   i'd   buy   another   .
excellent   phone   ,   the   phone   looks   much   better   than   what   u   see   in   the   pictures   .
bluetooth   functionality   would   have   made   the   phone   even   better   .
one   more   thing   ,   the   default   ringtones   that   come   with   the   phone   are   horrible   .
overall   an   excellent   phone   .
the   service   from   t-mobile   is   very   good   too   .
in   all   a   winning   combination   .
worth   every   penny   !
great ! phone ! , ! easy ! to ! use ! , ! excellent ! network ! , ! no ! regrets ! ! ! ! ! !
i purchased this phone for just 50 $ and there is no end to what i can do with it .
nokia   and   t-mobile   really   teamed   up   well   on   this   baby   .
it puts an end to organizational deficiencies as well as communications and internet , without a bulky phone like the treo or something , which i had to cell because i was so unhappy with it .
now the most coveted item at school is the most coveted item at school !
people have paid me money just to borrow it because its so elegant .
service   is   great   as   far   as   i   can   tell   ,   features   work   like   a   charm   ,   ringtones   are   high   quality   if   you   buy   them   from   t-mobile   and   aim   is   great   .
now   i   can   always   be   in   contact   .
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .
a   great   deal   in   general   !
i   would   not   give   up   this   phone   for   the   world   .
1 month , no problems , great phone i'm very pleased with i 6610 phone .
yes , the features are the features .
the   speakerphone   works   better   than   any   speakerphone   i've   ever   had   .
people i talk to on the speakerphone are shocked when it comes out at times that i'm even using a speakerphone .
the   sound   quality   is   excellent   ,   except   ,   maybe   a   *   tad   *   too   quiet   at   times   when   there   are   quieter   talkers   on   the   other   end   of   the   line   .
the   included   earpiece   is   very   comfortable   and   easy   to   use   .
i this phone have this phone not this phone had this phone any this phone distortion this phone problems this phone with this phone this this phone phone this phone and this phone am this phone more this phone pleased this phone with this phone this this phone phone this phone than this phone any this phone i've this phone used this phone before this phone .
nokia   has   definitely   won   me   over   with   this   one   .
first it let it me it say it that it it it is it much it smaller it than it it it looks it on it the it web it and it it it also it looks it better it .
the   radio   feature   has   superb   sound   quality   .
i've   compared   this   phone   to   others   such   as   6100   ,   siemens   sl55   .
even though they might be smaller many people seem to have alot of problems with they .
it   has   a   classic   design   yet   looks   hip   .
is a lot better compared to the toy phone design of the nokia 7210 with a lot cheap feel .
it   is   extremely   light   and   dissapears   in   your   pocket   .
for   those   that   are   looking   for   camera   phones   just   get   the   camera   attachement   and   comes   with   the   stereo   headphones   to   listen   to   the   radio   in   style   .
the   battery   is   alot   better   than   most   of   the   phones   out   there   .
one   thing   that   i   found   out   recently   is   that   you   don't   need   t-zones   from   tmobile   to   go   online   .
every t-mobile plan comes with gsm data , meaning that instead of speeds of 56 kbps is around 9 kbps ( with those small size wap websites do you really think 56 makes a difference ) .
anyways there are ways to set up your 6610 to connect to csd which uses regular minutes and you are surfing the net , being able to download pics and ringtones ( not java apps , you need t-zones for 6610 ) .
tmobiles   might   not   have   the   best   reception   in   some   areas   but   with   amazing   phones   such   as   nokia   6610   and   cheap   plans   that   you   get   way   more   minutes   than   any   other   plans   .
if you thought about getting this phone buy this phone .
this   phone   is   great   as   a   whole   and   is   not   like   others   with   one   or   two   good   qualities   .
i   currrently   have   service   with   t-mobile   ,   verizon   ,   and   t-mobile   .
the reason so many is that i am a contractor and all of my subs have these carriers and i can benifit from the mobile to mobile features that companies are now offering !
that this phone beside this phone you this phone are this phone prob. this phone very this phone well this phone aware this phone of this phone many this phone of this phone the this phone features this phone that this phone this this phone phone this phone is this phone known this phone for this phone , this phone and this phone one this phone that this phone has this phone not this phone yet this phone been this phone mentioned this phone : this phone using this phone this this phone phone this phone as this phone a this phone modem this phone for this phone any this phone computer this phone with this phone a this phone usb this phone 1.0 this phone port this phone !
using   the   gprs   option   you   can   pay   19.99   extra   a   month   and   have   unlimited   internet   access   added   to   you   account   .
yes   it   is   56k   speed   ,   but   the   functionality   is   what   you   are   paying   for   .
i myself find this great for when i am at a site i can run to my truck and hook up my modem cable ( 49.99 @ nokiausa.com or t-mobile.com ) press dial up on my laptop ( by the way it is a mac pb 1gz. and in a matter of seconds i can access my email , fax , and the entire web from my truck !
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that the only problem that i have found with the internet service does not access mls ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .
i   find   a   great   amount   of   value   in   this   option   for   any   and   all   the   people   that   travel   buy   car   and   do   not   have   access   to   the   t-mobile   "   hot-spots   "   .
it   does   well   in   all   aspects   of   internet   browsing   .
as i also leave you with this review i would like to thank you for reading it .
do   too   many   stuffs   to   get   to   a   free   phone   after   rebate   .
also , if i want a family plan , which mean i need tw phones on a plan .. .
so how can i do i ... aren't i free for two after the rebates .
and   how   can   i   do   that   ...   .
print   those   coupons   twice   for   two   phones   ?
...
i saw another review saying his only gripe was another review saying his only gripe .
the   phone   does   have   voice   dialing   according   to   amazon   &   t-mobile   and   nokia   .
the phone may look large but the phone is very small smaller then the 3390 phone .
my sister has this series of phone and my sister loves the radio and headset .
i   find   the   lack   of   entertaining   games   on   this   phone   quite   disturbing   .
i   don't   really   like   bounce   .
i have always known nokia to provide i with good games on their phones .
battery   life   is   good   for   a   phone   of   this   size   .
but anyway , the only thing you should really look at here is the only thing you should really look at here that the phone does have voice dialing .
great   screen   and   great   sound   .
ok   ,   everybody   loves   the   fm   radio   in   this   ,   but   you   want   a   cell   phone   first   ,   right   ?
the   6610   excels   as   a   cell   phone   ,   thank   god   .
the voice quality is very good , and the voice quality gets great reception ( that is , in places where you get t-mobile coverage , which is not that good ; see below ) .
the   color   screen   makes   this   free-after-rebates   phone   shine   bright   ,   and   commands   are   very   responsive   .
my   only   gripe   about   the   hardware   is   the   buttons   .
nokia   seems   on   a   campaign   to   revamp   the   phone   keypad   ,   which   imho   is   totally   unnecessary   .
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .
(   to   be   fair   ,   the   same   can   be   said   about   many   korean   imports   ,   and   the   nokia's   build   quality   is   light   years   ahead   of   the   koreans   .   )
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .
finally , i reiterate i thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .
their   network   coverage   is   very   sporadic   ,   and   the   network   always   seems   overloaded   ,   resulting   in   very   unpleasant   calling   experience   .
if   you   can   get   this   phone   for   cingular   or   at&t   ,   go   with   the   other   carriers   .
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .
when i first saw the 6610 , i thought it was too small .
after   using   it   ,   i   found   the   size   to   be   perfect   for   carrying   in   a   pocket   .
it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but your is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included .
the   ear-piece   has   a   button   that   answers   and   hangs-up   the   phone   so   you   do   not   have   to   mess   with   the   phone   at   all   ,   unless   dialing   a   number   .
unfortunately , the 6610 does not offer voice dialing like my previous phone , but the other features the 6610 packs outweighs this shortcoming .
when i turned the phone on , the first thing that hit i is how good the screen is .
the   resolution   is   very   good   and   the   colors   are   bright   and   even   changeable   !
the   phone   has   several   color   schemes   you   can   choose   from   .
i   like   the   default   blue   .
you   can   also   set   a   background   wallpaper   .
the   ringtones   included   are   awesome   ,   and   did   i   mention   they   were   polyphonic   ?
no   more   annoying   series   of   beeps   .
this phone plays up to 4 tones at one time and this phone actually sounds like music .
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when special people call .
the   massive   phonebook   can   hold   300   entries   ,   with   multiple   phone   number   per   entry   ,   so   you   can   program   your   boss's   home   ,   work   and   cellphone   numbers   all   under   one   contact   .
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .
the   gprs   connection   is   sometimes   slow   ,   and   writing   instant   messages   with   the   included   aol   instant   messenger   software   is   a   pain   ,   but   the   other   t-zones   applications   are   quite   useful   .
you   can   get   weather   ,   movies   ,   horoscopes   and   more   with   a   few   clicks   .
the   service   deafults   to   showing   the   information   associated   with   your   billing   zip   code   ,   but   you   can   change   the   default   and   seach   other   areas   while   on   the   go   .
one   downside   :   as   of   this   writing   ,   t-mobile   hasn't   updated   their   t-zone   system   to   fully   support   the   6610   .
their website does not show it as a compatible phone , and should i try to access the game downloads on t-zones the system returns an error message saying my phone is not supported .
i   have   been   assured   this   will   be   fixed   soon   .
now   ,   for   the   t-mobile   service   :
i   cannot   say   enough   good   things   about   the   people   who   answer   the   phones   .
if   you   have   a   question   ,   they   have   the   answer   .
and should they not know it , they can find it out pretty quick .
every   phone   experience   has   started   with   a   very   brief   time   on   hold   followed   by   a   cheerful   representative   answering   the   phone   .
all   my   questions   or   problems   have   been   quickly   and   satisfactorily   resolved   .
i'd like to see my old carrier do that !
the   rate   plans   are   also   very   good   ,   at   least   for   me   .
different   people   have   different   needs   ,   of   course   ,   but   the   t-mobile   plans   are   priced   very   well   for   the   minutes   and   services   you   receive   .
the the phone phone the phone would the phone have the phone received the phone 5 the phone stars the phone if the phone the the phone phone the phone had the phone voice the phone dialing the phone and the phone the the phone game the phone downloads the phone from the phone t-zones the phone worked the phone .
this   phone   is   highly   recommended   otherwise   .
nokia makes a great phone , that's clear .
with   all   its   complicated   features   ,   the   menus   are   easily   accessible   and   the   quality   of   the   features   is   great   .
the   one   huge   disappointment   is   that   the   phones   manufactured   for   t-mobile   lack   many   of   the   menus   and   functions   that   a   nokia   straight   from   the   manufacturer   should   have   .
one of the things t-mobile brags about is the fact that it's a " worldphone " and can be used in europe , etc.
yet   they've   gotten   rid   of   most   of   the   languages   that   should   be   in   the   phone   ,   including   italian   ,   german   ,   and   dutch   .
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile's services , because wap and gprs have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .
therefore   ,   if   you   wanted   to   travel   abroad   and   pop   in   a   local   sim   card   ,   even   if   you   unlock   the   phone   ,   there   is   no   way   you   can   use   the   local   wap   browser   or   internet   .
after   spending   hours   being   transferred   from   one   tech   help   person   to   another   ,   i   got   fed   up   and   have   decided   to   return   the   phone   .
bottom line , if you're attracted to this phone because of its tri-band feature so you can take it abroad , forget it .
find another phone , or buy this one in another phone manufacturer-unlocked form .
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into this phone .
i   purchased   the   phone   last   week   and   have   been   using   till   then   .   .
i   didn't   had   any   problem   till   now   .
the   design   is   sleek   and   the   color   screen   has   good   resolution   .
it   is   very   light   weight   and   has   a   good   signal   strength   .
however , the main problem that i think is the main problem that i think .
it   is   not   as   good   as   the   samsung   phones   that   i   have   used   earlier   .
when   talking   the   voice   is   not   very   clear   .
but   ,   i   would   definately   recommend   this   phone   .
go   for   it   ...
i have read a lot of the reviews and i phone does not have a hiss or anything that people are talking about .
it   is   crystal   clear   .
this   is   one   of   the   nicest   phones   nokia   has   made   .
i   do   recommend   getting   the   data   kit   for   those   geeks   .
there   are   a   lot   of   cool   websites   with   games   and   midi   ringtones   to   download   for   free   .
