this is an edited review , now that i have had time to use the device .
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of the machine affordability .
it   is   the   most   bang-for-the-buck   out   there   .
like   it's   predecessor   ,   the   quickly   revised   nx   ,   this   player   boasts   a   decent   size   and   weight   ,   a   relatively-intuitive   navigational   system   that   categorizes   based   on   id3   tags   ,   and   excellent   sound   (   widely   known   to   be   better   than   ipod   -   not   surprising   considering   the   number   of   years   creative   has   been   in   the   audio   peripheral   business   )   .
the   xtra   improves   upon   the   zen   nx   with   a   larger   ,   now-blue   backlit   screen   ,   which   is   infinitely   better   .
further   ,   the   xtra   doubles   the   maximum   filecount   capacity   to   16000   mp3   .
this   is   especially   useful   for   those   who   listen   mostly   to   pop   music   and   store   all   those   short   ditties   .
when   compared   to   the   ipod   the   zen   xtra   falls   short   ,   but   only   by   a   bit   .
yes   the   ipod   is   smaller   ,   but   not   $   200   worth   ,   which   is   the   premium   you'll   pay   for   an   equivalent   capacity   model   .
yes   ,   the   ipod   looks   in   tune   with   the   carefully   articulated   urban-hipster   persona   thats   become   popular   as   of   late   ,   but   sure-as-hell   isn't   worth   the   $   200   premium   (   unless   you   are   just   dying   to   match   your   music   player   with   that   volkswagen   beetle   and   urban   outfitters   wardrobe   )   .
for me , i'll save that cash for another purchase .
before i decided to get this player , i did i research .
i   looked   up   the   ipod   ,   the   dell   jukebox   ,   and   the   samsung   napster   player   .
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .
another reason i got it is because you can put wma files on it .
that   takes   up   half   the   space   of   mp3's   .
that's important because that have a lot of music .
the   software   is   great   .
you   can   sort   your   music   by   artist   ,   title   ,   album   ,   or   genre   ,   and   you   can   play   music   based   on   those   categories   .
transfering   is   easy   ,   the   software   makes   everythig   pretty   easy   .
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it's actually a little less but still good .
only   1   problem   ,   no   accessories   ...   yet   .
i it hope it it's it because it it's it new it and it they it are it not it out it yet it , it but it being it without it a it remote it is it hard it .
they   player's   interface   itself   is   also   very   easy   to   use   .
can't   complain   and   i   recommend   it   over   all   the   other   players   ,   just   hope   that   remote   will   come   out   soon   .
get it it it , it it's it woth it every it penny it ! it !
i   was   a   little   concerned   to   be   the   black   sheep   buying   this   player   instead   of   the   incredibly   overpriced   apple   i-pod   .
i've had it for a week now , don't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
if   you   have   any   doubts   about   this   player   ,   well   don't   .
pros   :
software   is   easy   to   use   (   although   redhat   software   is   better   ,   but   costs   money   )
much cheaper than i-pod good looking player ( beautiful blue back-lit screen ) if you've read about the player , some have complained about the lack of a viewing hole for the face when the case is on when the case is on , but this is good because the face when the case is on doesn't get damaged / scratched fast transfer rate
no   issues   as   of   yet
cons   :
you're   going   to   need   to   buy   new   headphones   ,   the   stock   ones   suck
hopefully   ,   this   player   will   out   sell   the   ridculously   over-hyped   i-pod   .
if   you   want   to   be   a   poser   and   follow   the   herd   ,   mooooooh   ,   then   buy   the   i-pod   .
otherwise   ,   be   smart   ,   save   the   cash   .
for   me   the   sound   of   the   music   is   what   is   important   .
the   zen   xtra   sounds   great   with   good   headphone   and   well   recored   mp3s   .
navigation   is   a   bit   tricky   and   takes   getting   used   to   but   the   included   pdf   instructions   cover   the   operation   pretty   well   .
at 8 ounces 8 is pretty light but not as light as the ipod .
the   battery   is   replaceable   (   a   real   plus   )   and   there   is   a   leather   case   (   another   real   plus   )   .
i   suppose   that   you   could   jog   with   it   but   it   seems   to   be   made   for   the   enjoyment   of   music   .
so   far   the   software   for   the   pc   works   easily   .
by the way , the way looks nice also .
this   thing   kicks   mighty   apple   butt   !
i would have given this thing 4.5 stars but since i can't , i'll be sweet and give it the full 5 stars .
it's it worth it it it .
i i personally i don't i like i apple i or i their i business i practices i ( i screwing i resellers i , i customers i and i employees i left i and i right i ) i so i i i shopped i around i for i something i else i .
after i finally i stumbling i upon i this i zen i nx i player i , i i i knew i i i had i found i what i i i was i looking i for i .
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : my found both .
this thing lasted well over 14 hours when i played this thing straight for the first time .
the   zen   nx   is   $   100   cheaper   than   the   ipod   of   the   same   size   ,   so   you   have   to   wonder   just   how   much   apple's   markup   is   anyway   !
the   sound   is   excellent   ,   but   a   tip   :   get   a   real   pair   of   headphones   .
you   won't   appreciate   the   quality   this   thing   has   to   offer   unless   you   are   using   a   good   set   of   cans.
the controls are on the side instead of on the front , which i like , because that's where my thumb is when i hold the thing !
the scroll wheel is a big improvement over the ipod touchpad .
it it could it be it a it little it bit it bigger it , it but it it's it easy it to it get it used it to it .
the screen may be a little smaller , but the screen is very readable and doesn't come in the overused blue .
it doesn't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users don't generally have firewire cards most windows users .
(   i   would   have   appreciated   having   a   firewire   plug   ,   however   )
the included leather pouch is a big plus : it actually protects the unit well , something a lot of ' carrying cases ' fail to do with other audio devices .
other   plusses   :   changable   battery   ,   loads   of   presets   for   environments   ,   decent   construction   ,   still   quite   small   and   light   despite   being   slightly   bigger   than   an   ipod   .
(   did   i   mention   you   can   actually   change   the   battery   ?   hello   ?   apple   ?   are   you   listening   ?   )
i   probably   would   have   liked   to   have   a   player   in   something   other   than   silver   /   metallic   ...   like   the   battery   adapters   on   their   usb   thumbdrive   (   muvo   nx   )   mp3   player   models   .
since   the   front   plate   is   removable   to   access   the   battery   compartment   ,   aftermarket   alternate   covers   would   not   be   difficult   or   expensive   to   make   .
overall   :   small   ,   sounds   great   ,   and   less   expensive   than   apple's   overpriced   ipod   !
(   batteries   last   longer   too   !   )
i   shopped   around   for   a   month   looking   for   a   good   mp3   player   ,   and   all   i   heard   was   how   good   the   i-pod   was   .
after   messing   with   it   at   a   store   i   noticed   how   bad   the   i-pod   was   .
it was marked up increadably high compared to other models ( almost $ 500 for a 30gb ) , and theres was nothing about it that made it worth that much money .
the   creative   labs   zen   xtra   has   all   the   features   the   i-pod   has   and   if   you   get   if   from   amazon   your   only   going   to   pay   $   300   for   this   great   player   .
i've had it for about 2 weeks and it's the best player i've seen , and used , ever .
the   music   is   easy   to   get   to   (   all   of   the   menus   are   easy   to   understand   despite   what   alot   of   i-pod   owners   say   )   and   if   you   know   how   to   search   for   an   artist   by   name   online   ,   then   you   can   do   the   same   with   the   zen   .
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so the blue light doesn't blind you when you stare too long .
all   in   all   this   a   great   player   that   blows   the   i-pod   away   ,   with   easy   to   use   and   understand   features   ,   software   that   is   simple   to   understand   and   use   ,   and   a   great   sound   (   which   is   all   that   matters   in   a   mp3   player   )   .
just   get   some   new   headphones   and   your   set   .
within   5   minutes   i   was   able   to   transfer   files   .
it's a very intuitive program .
i   had   no   problems   following   their   installation   instructions   .
the   menus   are   very   easy   to   navigate   .
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or the scroll wheel sticks .
the   other   controls   are   all   very   easy   to   use   .
it has several play options , one of the best is one of the best , based on all or a certain playlist .
the only downside i see is that it doesn't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .
unlike   the   ipod   ,   this   is   fully   windows   compatible   and   can   be   used   right   out   of   the   box   .
for ipod you have to buy a cable and a cable isn't compatible with all windows pcs.
it   also   costs   a   lot   less   than   the   ipod   .
the   earbuds   that   come   with   it   aren't   that   bad   .
they're   pretty   comfortable   ,   stay   in   place   and   deliver   a   decent   audio   quality   .
this is a good deal for music and data storage .
one i thing i i i should i note i is i that i i i have i only i had i this i product i for i one i day i , i so i there i are i many i options i i i have i not i explored i .
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb .
on   my   relatively   new   computer   (   p4   with   windows   xp   and   usb   2.0   )   ,   the   os   complained   about   the   installation   of   the   drivers   .
despite   the   instructions   insisting   that   the   process   was   fairly   automatic   ,   i   had   to   install   the   usb   drivers   and   the   nomad   interface   software   manually   .
the   interface   software   itself   ,   which   should   be   user-friendly   ,   was   anything   but   easy-to-use   .
with   the   nomad   explorer   software   ,   songs   should   be   drag-and-drop   .
i   have   not   yet   tried   the   cd-ripping   program   .
the   player   itself   has   all   sorts   of   problems   .
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by the face-plate every 10 minutes or so .
the   player   hangs   up   on   file   transfer   every   once-in-a-while   ,   prompting   a   reset   .
the   scroll   button   is   overly   sensitive   at   times   ;   not   sensitive   enough   at   others   .
depressing   the   scroll   button   (   for   selecting   )   is   not   always   responsive   .
the   scroll   bar   problems   make   the   task   of   creating   playlists   more   frustrating   .
on   the   positive   side   ,   the   sound   of   the   player   is   pretty   good   ,   once   you   have   everything   configured   .
i   haven't   had   time   to   really   push   this   player   to   the   limit   ,   but   audio   aspects   on   the   nomad   are   satisfactory   ,   as   should   be   expected   from   creative   labs   .
overall   ,   a   very   disappointing   product   .
the   setup   process   for   the   nomad   is   infuriating   ,   and   the   interface   with   the   player   is   sub-par   .
the   player's   mechanics   are   also   flawed   .
although the sound-quality is good , the sound-quality takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product .
i i was i trying i to i decide i whether i or i not i i i should i go i with i the i 40 i gb i ipod i or i this i 30 i gb i zen i xtra i .
when it it it came it down it to it it it , it the it price it on it this it player it is it hard it to it beat it .
if you want the other accessories the ipod offer , maybe that's where you should go .. .
this is a great investment for someone like me who enjoys music and hates carrying multiple cds .
i   just   transfered   over   some   40   cds   and   have   plenty   of   space   left   for   me   .
one beef is the scroll , it doesn't work as well as i'd like .
other   than   that   this   thing   is   great   ...
enjoy   !
zennx's replaceable battery was zennx 's replaceable battery .
all   rechargeable   batteries   lose   their   holding   power   over   time   (   around   2   years   )   .
apple's   solution   -   pay   apple   another   $   400   +   for   a   new   ipod   (   less   a   paltry   discount   )   .
the   zennx   will   keep   running   for   the   price   of   a   replacement   battery   ,   just   like   any   other   battery-powered   appliance   .
deficiencies   with   zennx   are   easily   overcome   with   3rd-party   earphones   (   $   20   +   )   and   software   (   $   25   ).
notmad by red chair software is an explorer-based program that enables simple drag-and-drop transfer of music files from pc to zennx .
the blue-screen display in the zennx xtra model is the blue-screen display in the zennx xtra model , but the toggle switch is still tricky .
zennx's   capacity   /   price   ratio   on   the   30g   model   (   $   10/gig   )   )   trumps   ipod's   30g   model   (   $   14/gig   ).
choosing   zennx   is   a   no-brainer   when   factoring   in   the   cost   of   a   new   $   400   +   ipod   every   few   years   versus   the   $   50   cost   of   replacing   zennx's   rechargeable   battery   .
zennx   hopefully   will   gain   market   share   and   prompt   arrogant   apple   to   lower   prices   and   enable   consumers   to   replace   the   battery   .
update   :   apple   recently   announced   that   for   $   107   ,   it   will   replace   the   battery   in   ipods   shipped   to   their   factory   .
lithium   ion   rechargeable   batteries   are   good   for   300-500   rechargings   ,   so   battery   lifespan   will   vary   according   to   your   usage   .
still   ,   apple   continues   to   squeeze   dollars   from   consumers   by   not   designing   the   battery   to   be   replaceable   .
i   love   my   new   nomad   ,   its   great   !
now   i   dont   have   to   lug   around   80   cds   if   i   dont   know   what   i'm   going   to   want   to   listen   to   biking   home   .
this   thing   ,   while   looking   pretty   cool   ,   is   not   as   sexy   as   the   ipod   .
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .
the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , my was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds .
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .
on   the   subject   of   headphones   ,   this   thing   seems   like   a   normal   mp3   player   when   you   use   the   headphones   they   give   you   in   the   box   ,   but   invest   30   dollars   in   a   nice   pair   and   the   sound   quality   goes   up   through   the   roof   !
if   you   want   a   sexy   ,   cool   ,   accessory-availible   mp3   player   ,   by   all   means   ,   get   an   ipod   for   a   hundred   dollars   more   (   or   one   for   the   same   price   that   holds   1/3   of   the   music   )   .
but   if   you   want   a   great   deal   and   a   great   mp3   player   ,   get   the   nomad   .
best i electronic i i've i bought i since i i i was i born i .
flat   out
i just sold my archos 20gb jukebox recorder after not being satisfied with it's slow loading & difficult navigation , not to mention it froze quite a bit .
i was in search of a new item to take it's place as my new mp3 player / harddrive .
for   an   early   christmas   gift   ,   i   got   a   zen   xtra   40   gb   player   .
i refused to go for an ipod , i am not going to spend all that money just for the apple name and because it is " trendy " to have that player .
this   was   the   closest   alternative   and   best   buy   for   this   type   .
after . receiving . my . zen . xtra . 40gb . mp3 . player . .. . .
i   will   just   say   this   :
i will never go back to i archos again ! !
so   easy   to   set   up   ,   had   some   problems   with   my   archos   .
stayed   up   all   night   trying   to   figure   out   that   thing   .
just   easily   drag   and   drop   files   into   the   nomad   explorer   and   from   there   you   easily   alter   id   tags   and   sort   your   music   according   to   your   liking   ,   by   artist   ,   song   title   ,   genre   ,   etc.
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .
very sleek & stylish as well as the screen options and visuals very sleek has .
the leather case the leather case it comes with comes with is pretty nice , similar to a pda style case and does hold and protect the leather case it comes with perfectly .
all   the   buttons   &   neccessary   lil   '   gadgets   are   on   the   sides   of   the   player   which   is   nice   for   when   you   are   holding   it   in   the   palm   of   your   hand   .
the sound quality is also nice ... after i hooked up my sony headphones instead of those factory earbuds it comes with .
lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with sound options .
navigation   is   so   smooth   and   finding   files   is   a   cinch   .
also   navigating   while   playing   music   is   a   plus   unlike   my   previous   player   .
it   was   impossible   to   do   so   before   .
oh   ,   and   the   screen   saver   feature   is   pretty   sweet   ^   _   ^
another plus in my book , my book limits !
i i was i limited i to i 999 i files i in i a i playlist i with i archos i ' i os i , i now i i i can i have i as i many i as i i i want i .
i have over 2000 files in my playlist at the moment and the random does a nice job mixing it up .
i   am   quite   happy   having   over   10   gigs   of   music   stored   on   this   baby   as   well   as   a   few   gigs   of   media   files   in   the   data   folder   .
now   i   can   transport   files   to   friends   house   with   ease   .
when   plugged   in   ,   it   doesn't   lag   the   computer   like   the   archos   did   ...   unless   you   are   doing   a   massive   transfer   of   data   in   one   load   .
after playing with this little device , i don't know why i would look at an ipod with the same space when it costs $ 500 and i got mine for a little more than half that price !
i   really   have   no   complaints   over   this   unit   .
i   really   do   recommend   this   to   anyone   in   need   of   a   new   player   .
in fact , my boyfriend is now going to invest into one of these suckers as well ... now he realizes that this is the best choice over his current archos and the ipod he was eyeing .
getting   the   program   to   install   properly   has   been   a   living   hell   experience   .
the   cd   just   has   too   many   problems   with   win   xp   .
i   am   going   to   have   to   try   an   online   download   and   see   if   that   works   .
also   ,   the   instruction   manual   is   very   bad   .
i   have   no   complaints   with   this   mp3   player   .
getting   files   onto   it   is   quick   and   painless   .
then   sorting   the   files   is   easy   as   pie   .
and   it   holds   sooooo   much   music   and   audio   files   .
my music demands are pretty intense and this handles my music demands without problems .
also   ,   the   sound   is   wonderful   ...   my   only   gripe   were   those   aweful   earphones   that   this   came   with   .
come   on,   at   $   300   they   could   at   least   put   in   a   good   pair   of   earphones   .
sheesh   !   !
the   battery   is   nice   .
i   listened   to   it   for   several   days   before   needing   to   recharge   them   .
the   lcd   screen   was   very   large   and   readable   .
thank   you   !
my last mp3 player's screen drove my nuts .
a   great   buy   .
compared to everything else in the best bang for the buck category , the best bang for the buck is most definately the best bang for the buck .
i think the whole zen line has been fairly innovative and reasonably priced , but it's not really appropriate to compare the pricing of the zen line to the ipods ( although , the ipod is still way over priced ) .
you're   talking   totally   different   hardware   .
all   of   the   zens   use   a   standard   notebook   drive   .
this puts the zen in line with players like the rca jukebox and the whole line of archos players ( the newer ones are a bit better than the original archos jukeboxes ... but i popped out the drive in my 20 gig jukebox recorder and put in a 60 gig drive and use a bit exclusively as a powered portable usb 2.0 drive ).
the   ipod   uses   a   smaller   (   and   more   expensive   )   drive   (   1.8   "   )   .
the devices competing with the ipod are the iriver ihp 120 , the rio karma , and the philips hdd100 .
i   should   point   out   that   the   new   rio   karma   is   now   down   to   about   $   280   and   is   reviewed   readily   as   being   as   good   as   (   and   better   in   some   areas   )   the   ipod   .
the   20   gig   ipod   still   goes   for   just   under   $   400   .
that's a huge difference ... especially in this price range .
i   can't   believe   people   continue   to   pay   those   prices   .
advertising . pays . off . i . guess . .. . .
i   doubt   anyone   has   ever   seen   an   add   or   commercial   for   any   other   mp3   player   .
i gave the zen 5 stars because it's excellent for the class that it is in and it's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class .
my personal favorite is the karma ( i currently own a karma , a zen usb 2.0 , a philips hdd100 , and an upgraded 60 gig archos jukebox recorder ).
i guess that's why you so often see " ipodders " bashing every other player out there ( very often not knowing anything about them the whole " i spent $ 120 more for something not any better and so should you ... so i can feel better " thing .
i   originally   purchase   a   30   gb   nomad   zen   xtra   as   a   portable   mp3   player   .
after   fiddling   around   with   it   for   a   while   ,   i   notice   a   few   dissapointments   :
transfering - i could not get i songs to completely transfer via usb 1.1 or 2.0 .
it   would   only   transfer   30   or   so   songs   ,   and   then   come   up   with   an   error   .
having   4000   or   so   mp3s   ,   i   never   got   more   than   500   transfered   .
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .
size   -   bigger   than   the   ipod
software - music match jukebox isn't the greatest , the search funtion isn't fast even when accessing it with the hotkey shortcut .
after i i i went i through i the i transer i issue i , i i i returned i the i zen i xtra i and i purchased i the i 40 i gig i ipod i .
song   transfers   were   not   an   issue   .
i   transfered   all   16   gigs   in   15   minutes   without   any   errors   via   firewire   .
the   navigion   on   it   can   be   a   little   quirky   ,   but   still   operates   better   than   the   zen's   did   .
the ipod is also an attractable piece , being lightweight and small .
the   casing   scratches   a   little   easy   ,   but   the   glove   cases   work   great   to   protect   against   this   .
sound   quality   was   the   same   between   the   two   ,   but   the   zen   did   have   more   sound   adjustments   with   the   normal   eax   features   .
i   chose   to   keep   the   ipod   and   am   very   happy   with   the   purchase   .
granted it it it is it a it little it more it than it the it zen it , it it it is it well it worth it it it .
itunes is a versatile program and i haven't had any issues with the ipod a versatile program .
i   love   this   player   .
its   great   .
all i have to say is that i did freeze on me once , but it hasn't done it since .
i   love   this   player   and   would   probably   go   with   creative   labs   again   .
the   software   was   great   ,   as   long   as   you   have   an   adminstrative   user   account   (   windows   xp   )   .
i i got i every i song i i i had i downloaded i to i the i player i within i a i day i or i so i .
it only took about 30 minutes to download everything , and about 30 minutes was about 950 songs .
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love a great deal .
first   ,   the   cons   ...   a   tad   bulky   ...   not   the   most   asthetic   looking   player   ...   and   doesn't   support   a   folder   stucture   .
the   pro   ...
way   less   expensive   than   the   ipod   .
my   opinions   :
personally . , . i . don't . understand . all . the . complaints . about . the . interface . .. . .
i . find . it . pretty . easy . to . use . ... . and . unlike . the . remote . interface . for . the . audigy . 2 . nx . ( . on . the . pc . ) . .. . .
it   actually   gives   the   option   to   clear   the   previous   playlist   when   i   want   to   play   another   list   .
meaning   i   don't   have   to   manually   clear   the   list   ,   and   then   load   the   new   list   .
the cons aren't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i didn't have any that might be the same as another .
and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title ..
and since the current language selection was english ( even though i think only the menu supports chinese , and not the track info ) ... all the current language saw were " ? " s and even though the songs had different names in chinese ..
if it had the same number of " ? " s then it would ask if you want to overwrite another song that just had the same number of " ? " s. . .
buyer   beware   !   sort   your   songs   and   adjust   the   titles   accordingly   (   maybe   this   applies   to   other   players   too   ,   and   not   just   the   nomad   ,   i   don't   know   )   .
i i would've i still i bought i this i drive i even i if i i i knew i about i this i issue i beforehand i .
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .
once it you it start it sending it files it , it it'll it continue it until it it's it done it or it it it hits it a it song it that it has it the it same it title it as it another it song it ... it at it which it point it you it can it skip it , it skip it all it , it replace it , it replace it all it , it or it cancel it .
and go from there ... if you chose one of the " all " options , then you don't need to do anything until it's done .
in two transfer batches ( first was english songs , then foreign languages ) , it didn't come up with any errors ( aside the duplicate name i mentioned ).
so   i   don't   know   what   the   previous   review   that   couldn't   do   more   than   30   songs   is   talking   about   .
of i course i , i unlike i that i person i i i will i mention i that i i i upgraded i the i firmware i to i 1.23 i . i 00. i but i i i did i transfer i files i before i the i upgrade i without i problem i too i .
you   should   update   the   firmware   before   upgrading   the   drivers   if   you   decide   you   need   the   newer   drivers   for   the   pc.
the mediasource itself was flaky ... crashing my explorer twice within the first hour ( the crash didn't require a reboot ) ... but after another reboot , it hasn't crashed since .
did i i i mention i i've i already i dropped i it i once i ?
that   wasn't   pretty   .
there's   a   dent   on   the   upper-back-right   and   lower-back-right   corners   ...   not   too   obvious   unless   you're   up   close   .
hehe   ,   my   bad   .
that's   all   for   now   .
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far the 30gb xtra has been excellent .
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd's on 200 .
i'll   have   to   borrow   cd's   to   rip   from   friends   to   even   come   close   to   filling   the   thing   .
i'm   not   sure   why   people   have   problems   with   either   the   interface   of   the   nomad   ,   or   the   software   that   comes   with   the   unit   .
both   are   very   easy   to   learn   &   use   ,   and   intuitive   enough   for   even   a   novice   .
besides user error ( surprise , surprise ) , it's hard to imagine people having trouble with either .
ripping   &   transferring   tunes   is   basic   ,   and   pretty   fast   (   even   on   a   1.1   usb   )   .
people also have complained about the case not having a window , but that's not really a big deal to me either -- the case is sturdy and offers very good protection .
it's it easy it enough it to it pop it it it open it to it see it what it song it you're it listening it to it .
the   sound   quality   is   excellent   (   and   i'm   fussy   with   that   stuff   )   ,   the   unit   looks   cool   ,   screen   is   bright   and   easy   to   read   ,   and   the   replaceable   battery   means   a   major   advantage   over   the   ipod   (   besides   the   price   ,   but   everyone   knows   that   )   .
you of course have some good customization options with the unit as well ( sound presets , navigating options , playlists , etc ) .
i   just   put   it   on   "   shuffle   "   ,   sit   back   ,   and   enjoy   the   eclectic   mix   that   almost   3,000   tunes   offer   !
the only thing i'm concerned about is the quality / longevity of the buttons on the thing .
my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go .
not . an . urgent . issue . , . as . it . still . works . .. . .
all   other   buttons   are   pretty   sensitive   to   touch   and   work   well   .
i'll   have   to   see   if   this   becomes   a   problem   down   the   road   .
but i've already emailed creative tech support about it , and gotten timely responses - they will fix it for me if necessary .. .
we'll   see   if   i   need   them   to   .
sure   ,   it's   a   little   bigger   than   the   ipod   ,   but   not   by   much   .
this is not the unit you should use if you go jogging anyway .
it it still it fits it in it the it palm it of it your it hand it , it and it it's it not it heavy it .
i use mine at the office , in the car ( with a cassette adapter ) , and will be taking i use on a flight back east for the holiday .
yes   .
get   better   headphones   .
rip your tunes at 192kb if you like , alhthough 128kb sounds just dandy , and you'll get more tunes stored on 192kb .
bottom   line   ...   great   product   ,   unbeatable   price   .
i   got   mine   for   $   160   less   than   the   ipod   30gb   (   got   an   extra   $   30   off   for   applying   for   an   amazon   visa   ...   thanks   amazon   !   )
basic shipping was a bit slow , but that's okay .
i got it now , and i'm diggin ' it .
awful   ,   awful   ,   awful   .
unlike   my   3   other   mp3   players   ,   this   thing   will   only   work   properly   if   you   have   id3   tags   on   all   of   your   tracks   .
if   you   don't   have   tags   ,   it'll   lump   all   of   your   tracks   into   the   same   directory   and   they   cannot   be   searched   via   artist   or   album   as   the   zen   does   not   recognize   folders   .
it's a shame , but mine is going back .
bummer   as   it   has   great   sound   quality   .
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i'm extremely pleased with it .
my my brother my bought my an my ipod my this my past my summer my and my my my dad my bought my the my original my zen my around my the my same my time my ..
just   before   we   all   spent   a   couple   weeks   in   an   rv   together   .
the ipod is a neat piece of machinery but after screwing around with both of them i think the zen products are the way to go .
so   i   requested   and   received   a   zen   xtra   as   a   christmas   gift   .
the   setup   and   transfer   process   was   cake   for   me   .
i just used the explorer program to move my songs to my player .
i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it wasn't a big problem .
the i explorer i program i did i shut i down i a i couple i times i while i i i was i renaming i titles i and i changing i genres i but i i i didn't i have i to i reboot i the i computer i or i anything i , i just i open i up i explorer i again i .
it's been so long since i've had a program not shut down on me in windows that i hardly even noticed that it happened .
that's probably a bad thing .
the unit itself did lock up a few times and i had to hit the reset button but that was a fairly painless process as well .
it it was it always it after it it it finished it a it process it or it something it , it so it it it didn't it cause it any it file it errors it .
now that i have all i music on it there hasn't been any more problems .
the screen is large and bright and has all the info i need where i need it .
i i haven't i tried i setting i up i any i playlists i yet i so i i i can't i comment i on i any i problems i there i .
the eax mode that keeps the volume at the same level for any song will come in handy when i take i holiday plane rides .
the little jog dial seems weak and quirky and i hope i don't figure out a way to break it .
the dial on the original zen was perfect and i wish the dial on the original zen was on this model .
all in all though i'm very happy with i new mp3 player .
i'll admit that i'd own an ipod if i had money to burn , but for the money this is a much better buy .
highly   recommended   !
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb is fantastic !
i i have i windows i xp i pro i and i when i installing i the i enclosed i software i i i did i receive i a i message i that i there i was i a i problem i installing i the i driver i .
this   was   quickly   and   easily   fixed   by   going   to   the   creative   web   site   and   downloaded   then   installed   the   updated   driver   .
i   found   using   the   supplied   mediasource   software   very   easy   .
if you have always on internet or are logged into the internet you can use the feature that will download the album & song id information ( a free service is a free service ) with the click of a button .
ripping   your   songs   and   creating   playlists   couldn't   be   any   easier   .
i   found   using   mediasource   to   load   your   songs   to   the   nomad   jukebox   to   be   much   easier   and   faster   than   using   windows   explorer   .
just highlight the songs you want to transfer from your playlist or music library then click one button and it's done !
being   a   creative   product   the   playback   quality   is   unbeatable   .
i   use   my   own   mid-priced   headphones   rather   than   the   enclosed   earbuds   .
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it's that good !
the   sound   quality   with   jazz   and   pop   music   is   equally   superior   .
actually   using   the   nomad   jukebox   is   easy   and   uncomplicated   .
finding   a   particular   song   (   s   )   or   album   on   the   nomad   jukebox   is   fast   and   easy   .
i   like   to   play   my   music   by   album   and   the   nomad   jukebox   plays   the   songs   in   the   same   order   as   the   actual   cd   .
the   high   resolution   screen   is   easy   to   read   and   has   a   backlight   .
i can highly recommend this product because of this product ease of use ( hardware and software ) , playback quality and value for the price .
just bought one & i've enjoyed one to date .
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you're not going to try & jog with unit , somewhat bigger or something .
all   reviews   i've   seen   seem   to   indicate   that   the   creative   mp3   jukeboxes   have   the   best   sound   quality   of   these   2nd   generation   jukeboxed   (   ipod   ,   archos   ,   dell   ,   samsung   )   .
the   eax   settings   are   somewhat   superfluous   but   not   really   a   negative   .
i've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .
dislikes
-   the   controls   are   much   inferior   to   the   simple   ipod   ones   .
the   black   fly   wheel   feels   pretty   cheap   &   is   uncomfortable   to   use   .
the   locations   of   various   buttons   on   one   side   or   the   other   is   somewhat   illogical
-   included   creative   software   is   pretty   poor   .
red   chair's   notmad   explorer   is   great   &   recommended   by   about   every   reviewer   to   repleace   the   creative   jukebox   software   .
note : this will add about $ 30 to the price to purchase , but worth it
likes
-   great   value   40gb   vs   10   gb   ipod   for   the   price
-   best   in   class   sound
-   large   easy   readable   screen
after receiving the box from amazon , i proceeded with charging the unit for the specified 4 hours , after which i installed the software and connected the unit to i pc via usb 2.0 .
the pc quickly picked up on the pc and attempted to install the software , which failed , as creative chose not to follow microsoft standards , whatever .
i then installed the software manually instead , after having to click past about 5 windows of " please register with us so us can spam your inbox " .
at this time , i decided to turn the player on , and much to my surprise it comes with quite the little library of classical music , one of which is a childhood favorite , bach's air .
i   tried   to   play   the   song   three   times   ,   with   no   success   .
it   would   either   not   play   the   song   at   all   ,   or   skip   wildly   ,   no   matter   that   the   unit   was   resting   on   my   desk   .
well , maybe that particular song was just corrupt , so i tried to upload some of my own , after four attempts , at each one the unit locked up and required a reboot , i managed to upload an album , which albeit was surprisingly fast , however when attempting to create a playlist out of my newly uploaded songs , the nomad again froze up and refused to work .
i   made   an   additional   five   attempts   at   creating   a   playlist   ,   before   packing   the   unit   up   and   heading   over   to   amazon's   product   return   page   .
needless   to   say   ,   i   wouldn't   recommend   anyone   purchasing   this   product   .
had   there   been   strange   noises   ,   or   obvious   defects   ,   i   would   have   accepted   a   replacement   ,   but   this   is   clearly   from   a   defective   and   inferior   operating   system   and   i   for   one   do   not   intend   on   waiting   for   patches   .
charged   my   battery   .
plugged   it   in   .
installed   software   .
started   ripping   and   transferring   .
if   you   arent   hooked   up   to   cddb   to   get   the   album   info   i   guess   you   have   to   manually   input   the   stuff   ,   but   that   little   work   will   save   you   looking   for   songs   .
i've   got   1200   songs   on   it   now   and   about   4000   more   to   go   .
working   for   10   hours   with   it   on   "   shuffle   "   totally   rocks   !   !
i   love   it   !   !
i bought this only to have this only break within a month .
this   product   is   too   fragile   for   normal   use   .
i   received   this   as   a   gift   .
i had no problems setting up the software and getting i favorite cd's transferred .
however   ,   the   creative   software   is   not   real   intuitive   .
the   software   is   somewhat   nice   to   look   at   ,   using   it   is   not   the   easiest   .
if   you   want   to   rename   a   cd   title   that   you   have   already   transferred   ,   you   will   become   frustrated   quite   quickly   .
you it are it better it off it deleting it it it , it re-ripping it it it with it the it new it title it and it then it transferring it it it to it the it player it .
transfers   are   surprisingly   quick   through   usb   2.0   .
it   is   great   sounding   ,   even   with   the   supplied   earbuds   .
i i must i have i differing i preferences i than i others i here i , i as i i i prefer i the i supplied i earbuds i to i the i sony's i that i i i thought i sounded i good i on i other i players i .
i   love   the   storage   in   this   thing   .
i have 100 of i cd's transferred and haven't made a dent in the 30 gb drive .
i   doubt   i   will   use   half   of   the   storage   capacity   ,   but   you   never   know   .
this   is   definitely   opening   up   possibilities   to   obtaining   mp3's   in   which   i   would   have   never   purchased   the   cd   .
now   my   dissapointments   .
the   description   of   the   warranty   is   buried   on   the   supplied   set   up   cd   .
the warranty is 90 days .
this   is   ridiculous   .
to   me   this   alludes   to   the   manufacturer's   confidence   that   the   product   will   last   for   a   year   .
buy the re-seller's extended warranty and save yourself a headache for the problems you will have later , after all it is a hard drive and it will die or have issues over time ( probably sooner than later ) .
the   scroll   wheel   ,   to   be   blunt   ,   sucks   .
seems   it   is   always   difficult   to   press   to   make   a   selection   .
the   interface   used   could   be   better   designed   .
it   is   a   little   cumbersome   to   scroll   through   so   many   levels   to   get   to   the   selection   you   want   .
i am a software engineer and if i wrote an interface to my software that worked like this , there would be hell to pay , not to mention the ridicule from my peers .
and the case , how did this ever make this out of quality control .
it it is it some it protection it for it the it unit it , it but it for it useability it , it forget it it it .
the screen is covered , so to make any new selections you have to open the screen .
the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel .
there are no other aftermarket cases available for this model yet , so you have to live with this model .
despite the things that i have listed so far , i could live with this item since it saves me from lugging a cd case to work , to the gym , in the car , etc. .
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .
i   have   had   it   lock   up   after   a   transfer   of   music   .
the the battery files the battery are the battery there the battery , the battery but the battery i the battery could the battery not the battery access the battery the the battery player the battery without the battery removing the battery the the battery battery the battery , the battery waiting the battery a the battery short the battery period the battery and the battery re-inserting the battery the the battery battery the battery .
also it have it had it it it lock it up it when it i it shut it it it down it to it attend it to it a it phone it call it .
left it it it set it on it my it desk it came it back it five it minutes it later it and it it it just it wanted it to it keep it playing it the it same it song it over it and it over it .
could   not   stop   it   ,   could   not   get   out   of   the   "   now   playing   "   screen   .
again   had   to   remove   the   battery   .
there   have   been   other   occurrences   of   locking   ,   but   i   will   not   bore   you   with   the   details   .
quite   simply   ,   the   firmware   and   /   or   the   os   that   control   this   thing   is   not   ready   for   prime   time   .
there have also been times that the unit has been turned off for some period of time , upon powering it up it starts on the " now playing " screen with a song or cd that i had been playing days before .
i haven't quite figured this one out yet , but it is probably operator error .
now i have not owned other mp3 players as i was waiting until they matured , but since i received it as a gift i now have this one .
i   would   suspect   that   there   are   similar   problems   with   all   of   the   other   brands   as   this   is   somewhat   new   technology   .
and   we   all   know   about   the   rush   to   market   on   new   products   .
i have had this player for 2 weeks , i will be returning it for an exchange in the hopes that the locking problem and scroll wheel are problems with this particular unit .
while i i i am i at i the i store i i i will i definitely i get i the i extended i warranty i as i i i have i another i day i or i so i ( i from i the i purchase i date i ) i to i obtain i one i .
i know this unit will have problems in the future and the $ 40 for the 2 year " no questions asked " replacement warranty will be worth it , since creative will only warrant it for 90 days - which in itself is totally ridiculous !
this is my second creative labs mp3 player , and it is definitely a fine product .
first   let   me   give   you   the   bad   things   :
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .
2 . the scroll button isn't the scroll button , as it sometimes can be hard to select .
3 the negatives . the negatives that's the negatives pretty the negatives much the negatives all the negatives the the negatives negatives the negatives the the negatives positive the negatives things the negatives truly the negatives outnumber the negatives the the negatives negatives the negatives , the negatives and the negatives the the negatives negatives the negatives aren't the negatives that the negatives bad the negatives .
first   of   all   the   player's   sound   quality   is   superior   to   the   ipod   .
the   player's   software   is   very   easy   to   use   and   very   good   .
compared   to   musicmatch   ,   the   software   has   a   better   filing   system   and   easier   to   use   .
to   keep   it   short   ,   this   is   cheaper   ,   and   in   my   opinion   a   better   choice   than   an   ipod   .
if   you   purchase   this   product   ,   definitely   rip   your   songs   through   windows   media   player   .
otherwise   ,   you'll   have   to   mess   around   a   lot   with   filenames   inside   the   (   decent   )   nomad   explorer   ,   which   is   not   fun   at   all   .
this   thing   seriously   is   a   good   player   though   .
summary
overall   i   like   the   unit   .
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) .
if it it it were it not it for it that it i it would it have it given it it it 4 it .
pros   :
1   )   price   /   gb   of   storage
2   )   storage   capacity
3   )   user   replaceable   battery
cons   :
1   )   fragile   (   i   broke   the   1st   one   within   10   days   )
2   )   scroll   button   /   switch
3 ) the case hides the display - you have to open the case to see what you are doing .
features   that   would   have   been   nice   :
1   )   fm   receiver   -   some   models   out   there   have   this   .
2 the unit ) the unit fm the unit transmitter the unit - the unit so the unit you the unit can the unit place the unit the the unit unit the unit in the unit your the unit car the unit and the unit listen the unit to the unit the the unit unit the unit through the unit your the unit car the unit stereo the unit .
they   sell   an   adapter   unit   to   use   with   your   car's   cassette   deck   .
but   who   wants   the   wires   involved   .
a   short   range   fm   transmitter   would   be   much   nicer   .
i   believe   the   napster   mp3   player   has   this   feature   .
details   :
don't   drop   this   unit   :
i've   had   the   player   for   about   a   month   now   .
overall   i   like   it   .
as   mentioned   above   i   broke   the   player   within   the   1st   10   days   .
i was sitting on a train and it fell off my lap and broke .
i it think it it it fell it right it on it the it earphone it plug it when it it it fell it ( it murphy it strikes it again it ) it .
i was able to return it to the retailer where i bought it and got a replacement .
if you are going to need a player that is rugged the one for you may not be the one for you .
i i purchased i the i extended i warranty i ( i something i i i almost i never i do i ) i when i i i returned i the i unit i to i get i the i replacement i .
updating   the   unit's   firmware   :
when i first purchased the unit i downloaded the firmware update i was available on their website .
the   upgrade   went   smoothly   and   was   easy   to   do   if   you   can   follow   directions   .
i   would   recommend   doing   the   upgrade   to   be   sure   you   have   the   best   chance   at   trouble   free   operation   .
storage   :
the   storage   capacity   is   great   .
i i don't i think i i i will i ever i use i the i full i 30gb i .
i i currently i have i ~ i 1100 i songs i encoded i mostly i at i 196 i kpbs i and i i i haven't i even i used i 10gb i of i storage i yet i .
i'm i starting i to i listen i to i cd's i that i i i haven't i listened i to i in i years i now i that i i i have i them i all i handy i in i one i place i .
for   those   out   there   that   are   not   familiar   with   mp3   encoding   ,   you   can   encode   your   cd's   at   varying   quality   levels   .
typically   people   use   96kbs   to   320   kps.
the   higher   the   number   the   better   the   quality   (   less   data   compression   is   used   )   and   the   larger   the   file   size   .
if   you   decide   to   encode   at   320   you   will   fit   less   on   this   device   than   someone   who   encodes   at   128kps   .
you   should   consider   this   when   deciding   what   bit   rate   you   want   to   use   and   how   much   you   want   to   put   on   the   player   .
if   you're   someone   who   wants   to   put   10,000   songs   on   this   thing   you   may   want   to   encode   at   the   lower   end   (   typically   128   is   considered   close   to   cd   quality   ).
price   :
the   price   compared   to   the   ipod   is   great   .
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad .
one   word   of   caution   with   regards   to   using   the   nomad   with   itunes   .
i   discovered   this   weekend   that   itunes   does   not   sell   mp3's   in   the   mp3   format   .
it   using   something   called   ac3   (   at   least   the   trial   song   i   purchased   was   in   this   format   )   which   is   not   a   compatible   format   for   the   nomad   .
i haven't figured out if the case for all the songs on itunes is the case for all the songs on itunes .
but   for   now   it   appears   that   this   player   doesn't   play   well   with   itunes   .
scroll   bar   :
the scroll bar is the scroll bar .
sometimes   you   skip   past   things   or   have   to   press   it   twice   to   select   items   .
it's not the end of the world , but a better design sure would be nice .
software   :
i've   had   no   problems   with   the   software   .
i found it intuitive to use ( i didn't read any documentation for it and was using it successfully within a few minutes ) .
the software will convert your cd's to mp3 and put them on the player as well as your hard disk if you want the software to .
my 2.6 mhz pentium 4 with usb 2.0 was able to perform the task pretty quickly ( my would estimate ~ 5 - 8 minutes per cd ).
through   the   software   you   can   classify   songs   in   genres   .
this is a nice feature ( i.e. it's early in the morning and you rather listen to " easy listening " rather than " heavy metal " - no problem .
the   software   comes   with   plenty   of   defaults   genres   .
you   can   also   create   your   own   if   you   don't   like   their   classifications   .
you   can   edit   the   genres   once   the   songs   are   on   the   play   if   you   decide   to   re-classify   things   later   .
this   can   be   done   on   a   song   by   song   basis   or   in   mass   .
in   addition   ,   you   can   create   play   lists   where   you   can   create   the   equivalent   to   a   compilation   cd   right   on   your   player   .
this   is   pretty   cool   .
sound   :
the   sound   from   the   player   is   ok   .
i   was   a   little   disappointed   in   the   low   end   .
i   did   buy   separate   headphones   as   other   have   recommended   .
i   was   able   to   improve   things   a   bit   by   using   the   units   equalizer   and   boosting   the   base   .
the   sound   level   is   also   not   as   high   as   i   would   have   expected   .
it's probably good for the health of your ears , however i consistently play it near the high end of the volume range ( and my hearing is fine ).
wow   ,   dennis   sure   is   great   !
slowly yet surely my unit engorged as i read my own review , similar to when i look in the mirror .
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my countertop and also to listen to my old 8-track records .
sometimes i when i i i get i really i lonely i , i i i like i to i put i on i some i kenny i g i and i light i some i candles i , i and i while i this i doesn't i help i , i i i am i a i capitalist i pig i and i like i buying i things i too i , i nah i mean i ! i ?
i did have some problems figuring out how to turn the unit on , but creative did a good job with this , as they had a clearly labled " on " button that i found when i left my cellar for the first time in years .
there   was   very   little   light   in   there   .
anyway ! , ! im ! gon ! na ! go ! find ! dennis ! now ! , ! have ! a ! nice ! day ! ! ! ! ! !
i got i zen xtra a little bit more then a week ago .
it was not my first choice .
i i have i done i a i lot i of i research i before i i i decided i to i buy i the i nomad i zen i xtra i .
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) .
for   the   price   and   features   it   is   really   good   .
one thing , before buying this player i have called the creative tech. support and asked them if i can navigate by folders beside artist / album and answer was yes .
sure   enough   there   is   no   such   ability   .
not sure , if customer rep. did not know the product exactly , customer rep. is still new or they just give an anser which users would like to hear .
in   any   case   ,   navigation   by   artist   /   album   is   ok   however   i   miss   an   ability   to   navigate   by   folders   .
you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in no other division , no other division .
creative is talking about updating it via firmware , however after following some while the descussion groups for nomad players , looks like creative represents mostly bug fixes in their firmware updates , not too much of new features .
the   software   ,   which   comes   with   player   is   not   good   at   all   .
i   did   not   managed   to   make   creative   nomad   explorer   to   work   .
after it installing it it it and it trying it to it make it it it working it for it 30 it minutes it i it went it and it bought it notmad it .
notmad worked right away after install and notmad is what i would like to see from the product .
transfer   files   is   easy   using   notmad   ,   however   again   ,   would   be   great   if   nomad   supported   folders   like   iriver   ,   rca   lyra   and   some   other   .
often   i   fill   i   need   to   have   better   organization   for   the   library   and   there   is   not   enought   of   variables   .
artist   ,   album   and   genre   are   only   mp3   tags   which   are   supported   buy   this   player   ,   and   if   you   have   100   artists   would   be   good   to   have   another   subcategory   .
after   all   those   players   have   40-60   gb   of   hard   drive   ,   so   better   organization   is   required   .
the bottom line , i'll still watch the progress of iriver hdd players and if they produce 40 gb player i'll will sell my nomad and buy iriver .
i downloaded the trial version , and after less than 10 minutes of using it , decided it was well worth the price .
so   yes   ,   as   with   all   software   bundled   with   creative   products   ,   it   was   useless   and   ugly   .
for   once   ,   though   ,   this   3rd   party   software   is   excellent   .
dont   let   the   bad   reviews   of   the   software   change   your   mind   .
zens   rule   .
originally   i   wanted   the   ipod   .
most   people   probably   wanted   the   ipod   before   realizing   that   a   vast   array   of   full-featured   viable   alternatives   exist   .
i like the way apple is innovative , but let's face it - they can't be the only one with an idea to enclose a 2.5 " hd within an aluminum case in a stylish package for long , especially after the buzz is out of their little techie pod .
the my 30gb my zen my xtra my rocks my my my socks my , my spills my my my beer my , my but my doesn't my wash my my my car my .
so   what   ?
i can do that myself .
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility .
the   visceral   teases   include   the   case   ,   the   sound   quality   ,   and   the   capacity   .
i haven't checked the resilience of i xtra yet , and don't plan to .
however   ,   if   anyone   has   participated   in   violent   or   extreme   sports   while   using   their   zen   ,   please   share   your   experiences   .
i'm considering using i as a distraction to winter boredom in the paintball fields .
it   can   get   pretty   lonely   out   there   .
i i just i purchased i this i player i and i i i have i to i say i that i i i love i it i .
the   sound   is   excellent   ,   the   battery   life   is   excellent   ,   the   fact   that   the   battery   is   replacable   is   excellent   ,   and   finally   the   price   ,   $   200   cheaper   than   the   40gb   ipod   ,   is   excellent   .
the   only   thing   the   ipod   has   over   the   nomad   is   the   style   ,   size   ,   and   ease   of   use   .
the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to .
so i far i i i have i no i complaints i and i i i recommend i this i to i anyone i who i wants i quality i over i appearance i , i also i anyone i who i wants i a i harddrive i based i mp3 i player i and i wants i to i pay i next i to i nothing i .
i only have one question , when i add tracks to i nomad , via nomad explorer , they are automatically put in alphebetical order , rather than album order .
is this this this possible this to this fix this , this if this so this how this , this if this not this does this notmad this explorer this from this red this chair this software this do this this this ?
i would like album order for i live albums and was just wondering .
thank   you   very   much   ,   and   go   out   and   get   yourself   a   nomad   !
wow . .. . .
this   thing   is   trash   .
want   the   laundry   list   of   reasons   why   ?
of   course   you   do   !
a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides the cover an already annoying poorly lit display
c ) the scroll bar is the scroll bar -- enough said
d   )   software   is   another   great   misfortune   --   hard   to   operate   ,   crashes   frequently   ,   screwed   my   music   library   up   ,   doesnt   work   with   mp4s   ,   the   list   goes   on   and   on
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage
f   )   it   doesnt   look   pretty   --   spending   this   kind   of   cash   ,   you   want   something   that   has   the   asthetics   bit   down   ,   of   course
so . .. . .
im   taking   mine   back   tomorrow   morning   ,   and   getting   a   nice   shiny   new   ipod   instead   .
don't   waste   your   time   ,   engery   ,   resources   on   this   thing   ,   just   spend   a   little   more   for   a   far   more   functional   ipod   .
i   bought   the   zen   xtra   30g   as   a   gift   .
what   a   disappointment   .
the   software   failed   repeatedly   .
i   couldn't   load   more   than   one   song   before   the   software   crashed   .
creative   labs   customer   support   website   is   useless   .
software   downloads   on   the   site   crashed   my   pc   .
creative tech support operators work 9-6 p.m. weekdays - as if i had time during work hours during work hours to spend time during work hours on this .
don't   buy   this   thing   .
i i just i bought i this i player i today i and i i i already i love i it i .
it   has   a   few   inconveniences   :   one   is   that   the   songs   do   not   automatically   play   one   after   another   like   on   a   cd   .
another irriation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , another irriation keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .
otherwise   ,   this   player   is   awesome   !
it   has   a   clear   blue   light   that   allows   you   to   see   everything   on   the   screen   easily   .
the volume range is great , so you can blast the volume range if you want .
overall , this player is awesome and i definately recommend i definately .
i received this item for christmas and it has met and exceeded all my standards .
naturally   i   did   quite   a   bit   of   review   before   purchasing   (   i   recomend   www.nomadness.net   )   ,   and   price-wise   zens   are   unbeatable   .
compared   to   other   leading   hdd   mp3   players   ,   the   value   per   gb   is   the   tops   .
-   price   :   see   above   .
-   sound   quality   :   excellent   ,   everything   you   would   expect   from   this   company   .
-   the   unit   is   easy   to   use   and   intuitive   .
it took me about 5 minutes before me had mastered the controls .
-   uploading   music   is   quick   and   easy   .
although the supplied software can be annoying at times , on whole the supplied software is excellent .
i have uploaded about 3,000 songs now with very minimal difficulty . ( it's fast too ! )
btw   ,   be   sure   to   have   your   mp3   tags   labled   correctly   ,   as   this   will   ensure   a   great   organization   .
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you don't .
as often mentioned , the scroll tab is average , however , not difficult to use or horrible .
structurally   ,   everything   is   secure   and   it   won't   fall   apart   on   you   .
the   screen   is   large   ,   defined   ,   and   easy   to   read   ,   and   the   silver   unit   is   naturally   cool   .
there   are   lots   of   interesting   features   included   such   as   eax   ,   and   customization   .
- the replacable battery is great since once the replacable battery eventually wears out ( as all lithium batteries do ) , you will be able to buy another easily .
ipod users have to send ipod users back and pay $ 100 for a replacement .
also   ,   the   nomad's   14   hours   of   battery   life   versus   8   is   handy   .
- equipment included is average , but that isn't a big deal since thats not what you are buying it for .
the   case   is   strong   and   stylish   ,   but   unfortunately   lacks   a   window   (   now   a   big   deal   )   .
the   headphone   earbuds   are   average   ,   so   just   use   your   regular   pair   instead   .
conclusion   :
this   player   is   an   ideal   purchase   .
there   isn't   need   to   get   in   details   again   ,   but   just   remember   it   rocks   because   :   price   ,   sound   ,   ease   of   use   ,   and   features   .
i i would i recogmend i this i player i to i anyone i i i know i , i and i you i will i not i be i dissapointed i .
the nomad jukebox zen xtra is a very good mp3 player but the software is the software gets hurt .
i have no problem using the player itself and i feel it is a very good player .
on   my   main   computer   the   software   did   not   work   right   .
i   had   to   sit   on   the   phone   with   customer   support   for   2   hours   and   they   did   not   help   at   all   .
i eventually gave up with customer support and worked on fixing the problem i .
i   have   the   software   working   fine   now   and   the   mp3   player   is   fantastic   .
it seems that depending on the system the software might not work or might work , because the system works on all the other computers i have .
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money the problem cost .
i'm very pleased with i zx so here's a quick review .
first   there's   the   unit   itself   .
it   is   small   overall   ,   bigger   than   the   ipod   ,   but   keep   in   mind   that   this   is   because   different   ,   less   expensive   but   not   necessarily   inferior   technology   is   used   in   the   zx   .
the zx boasts superior sound quality than the ipod , however the zx compromises a bit of the unit's size in doing so .
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx's green backlight did .
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the scroll wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .
the   sound   is   excellent   as   one   would   suspect   from   a   creative   product   .
the included eax support is useful at times , especially when you listen to a variety of genres , as a variety of genres will adjust the equalizer for you which can be a big hassle .
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . )
the   signal   to   noise   ratio   (   the   ratio   of   detectable   ,   useful   data   to   unusable   garbage   in   ,   say   ,   a   radio   wave   ;   a   larger   stn   ratio   is   better   )   is   nice   and   high   at   98   decibles   ,   and   it   should   be   noted   that   apple   refuses   to   release   the   stn   ratio   of   any   of   the   ipods   .
the software hasn't been a hassle for me at all .
i i ignored i the i instruction i booklet i ( i as i i i do i with i any i product i ) i and i figured i out i how i to i organize i separate i playlists i within i minutes i .
my sister was able to figure it out on her own as well , and she is of average computer competence .
the less computer-saavy might find apple's software a bit friendlier , though ( i use it at a friend's house and it does do a lot more for you . )
lastly   ,   the   price   is   fantastic   :
i spent $ 269 for i 30gb zx , compared to the $ 299 for a 10gb ipod and the also expensive iriver ihp-120 .
for prospective buyers , i would warn of the following : 1 ) purchase a better pair of headphones as soon as possible , as earbuds sound terrible and are terribly uncomfortable ( this applies to earbuds in general , ) and 2 ) make sure that your mp3s have id3 tags on them , that when when they are loaded into the playlist they will automatically sort themselves .
if   you   want   great   sound   quality   ,   don't   want   to   spend   an   arm   and   a   leg   per-gigabyte   ,   don't   mind   being   something   of   an   iconoclast   among   many   ipod   users   ,   and   are   willing   to   sacrifice   a   few   cubic   centimeters   of   your   personal   space   for   a   large   discount   ,   then   i   would   suggest   the   zen   xtra   for   you   .
read the instuctions - do not plug the zen into your computer until you have installed all the software onto your computer and rebooted your computer ! !
( i had no problems since i did this but there seem to be a couple of very bitter reviews further down - maybe they did not do this or maybe there are some very sad ipod owners since they all recomend it instead ) .
and   have   you   seen   the   price   of   the   ipod   extras   that   you   need   .
eg   60   $   for   a   plastic   box   to   hold   4   aaa   batteries   to   increase   the   use   time   past   6-8   hrs   (   reviewers   figures   )
i   uploaded   the   drivers   and   new   software   in   15   minutes   -   no   crashes   or   problems   .
transferred   the   zens   new   software   onto   it   in   about   10   seconds   .
it   is   transferes   a   song   in   about   2   seconds   .
usb   2.0   -   very   fast
yeah   i   agree   the   earbuds   are   pretty   crap   ,   replace   them   .
but   the   sound   is   very   good   (   and   loud   )   and   works   well   on   my   portable   speakers   .
and   for   those   that   are   intrested   the   recharger   works   anywhere   in   the   world   (   and   is   quite   small   ).
it   looks   very   cool   ,   and   seems   quite   small   to   me   and   very   light   .
the   scroll   button   seems   ok   ,   i   have   no   problems   with   it   .
i   am   very   pleased   so   far   .
i had all my files already on my pc in wma format ( 200 cd's ).
so far so good , no problems , no problems .
very   simple   to   use   .
the   reason   it   does   not   get   5   stars
1   )   a   spare   battery   would   have   been   great   .
2   )   no   games   -   it   has   a   cool   screen   -   why   not   use   it   .
3 ) a hard drive does not work automatically like a hard drive when you connect a hard drive to your computer , like some players
all   in   all   suprisingly   easy   to   use   .
summary   :
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make hd size a good buy .
pros   :
excellent   sound   -   i   found   the   music   reproduced   faithfully   through   the   jukebox   .
there was no distortion and no distortion sounded great , especially with eax environmental audio enabled .
transfer through windows explorer - windows recognizes the jukebox as an additional hard disk , so it allows you to simply drag and drop files from windows explorer to a folder for the nomad .
i found this to be a much easier method of transferring my music to the nomad than using their software .
however   ,   it   doesn't   register   instantly   as   a   hard   drive   like   other   players   .
you have to install the software to the computer you're transferring to , instead of just connecting the software with a usb connection .
this   would   have   been   much   easier   .
the nomad can hold any type of file , not just mp3 , so you can use file , not just mp3 as a portable hard disk .
i   found   it   very   useful   for   transferring   large   files   to   another   computer   .
this almost made this worth the price alone .
i was able to easily copy 2gb worth of video files from i computer , and then transfer them to a friend's .
huge   storage   space   -   even   at   320kbs   ,   you   can   store   a   ton   of   songs   on   this   thing   .
30gb   is   more   than   enough   for   most   people   .
having   usb   2.0   makes   for   very   fast   transfers   .
it   only   took   me   about   10   seconds   to   transfer   a   200mb   file   .
it   took   maybe   15   minutes   to   transfer   1000   songs   .
cons   :
navigation   system   -   the   zen   xtra   uses   id3   tags   that   are   embedded   in   the   mp3   files   to   organize   your   songs   .
this   is   great   as   long   as   all   of   your   music   have   id3   tags   ,   and   if   you've   downloaded   your   songs   off   the   internet   ,   many   probably   don't   .
it   would   have   been   much   easier   to   use   a   windows   explorer   style   navigation   system   .
you can't simply open up a folder from the player and play all the songs in a folder from the player .
whe you transfer your songs to the jukebox , the jukebox dumps all of them into a single folder , and then sorts them by the id3 tags.
fm   receiver   -   it   has   none   .
i i would i be i nice i to i have i a i simple i fm i receiver i so i i i could i pick i up i local i stations i .
that   way   i   could   get   rid   of   a   walkman   alltogether   .
cheap   construction   -   they   should   have   made   the   player   out   of   hard   plastic   and   put   some   rubber   on   the   corners   .
the   player   feels   very   delicate   ,   as   if   i'm   holding   an   actual   hard   drive   .
i'm   not   sure   if   it   would   survive   a   fall   from   3   feet   .
as   a   portable   player   ,   it   should   feel   a   bit   more   durable   .
the top of the player is a thin metal piece that covers up the battery and is removable .
i i could i crush i this i thing i in i half i with i two i fingers i if i i i wanted i to i .
this   is   not   a   player   you   can   take   jogging   .
the   songs   don't   play   one   after   another   like   on   a   cd   .
you   have   to   add   them   to   the   playing   list   .
i can't simply bring up i entire list of songs , click play , and then hit next .
you   have   to   add   all   the   songs   to   a   play   list   .
there is probably an easier way to do this , i just haven't found an easier way to do this yet .
software   -   the   software   is   crap   .
i it use it it it for it ripping it cds it , it which it it it does it a it pretty it good it job it of it .
otherwise   ,   it   is   difficult   to   figure   out   and   awkward   .
like i most i people i , i i i don't i want i to i read i the i instructions i , i i i just i want i to i use i it i .
even after reading some of the instructions , it's still hard to figure out .
i   would   recommend   replacing   the   existing   software   with   the   "   notmad   explorer   ,   "   which   is   simpler   to   use   and   can   be   found   on   the   internet   .
no   line   out   jack   -   as   i   said   ,   there   is   none   .
the   headphone   jack   acts   as   a   pseudo   line   out   jack   .
so   you   can   plug   your   nomad   directly   into   your   stereo   or   use   a   car   adapter   ,   but   you   don't   get   the   quality   from   a   true   line   out   jack   .
it   sounds   decent   ,   but   i   would   estimate   you   get   maybe   80   %   of   the   quality   that   you   would   from   a   true   line   out   jack   .
controls   are   a   bit   awkward   .
the   controls   definately   took   some   getting   used   to   .
it it wasn't it as it easy it to it fast it forward it or it pause it a it song it than it it it was it with it a it regular it walkman it .
when i first had it i kept finding i having to look at the nomad to figure out where the skip button was .
a   sliding   old   fashioned   volume   knob   would   also   have   been   easier   than   the   digital   version   that   was   included   .
i want to have instant access to the volume , not have to hold down a button and have to wait a half second for the player to register a half .
crappy   headphones   .
the   included   earbuds   were   uncomfortable   .
i   would   replace   them   with   some   better   sounding   and   more   comfortable   phones   .
difficult i navigation i - i i i won't i necessarily i say i " i difficult i , i " i but i i i don't i enjoy i the i scrollwheel i to i navigate i .
it i is i a i bit i cumbersome i , i and i i i can't i get i to i the i songs i i i want i as i quickly i .
i think this is it's biggest flaw .
i   would   much   more   have   preferred   a   keypad-type   navigator   like   found   on   dvd   remotes   .
up   ,   down   ,   left   ,   and   right   would   have   given   me   better   control   .
if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get " stuck " rapidly going through the songs and won't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it .
case   -   the   nomad   comes   with   a   leather   holding   case   .
it it would it have it been it much it nicer it if it it it had it a it window it so it you it could it see it the it screen it , it and it if it the it button it didn't it cover it up it the it ac it jack it .
that way i could keep that way i in the case all the time .
as   it   stands   now   ,   the   case   is   pretty   useless   unless   you're   packing   the   player   up   for   travel   ,   or   if   you   load   up   all   your   songs   beforehand   .
you can cut up the case a bit with an xacto knife and make the case a bit useable though .
overall , i feel that it's a decent buy , and am happy that i own it .
i i am i willing i to i overlook i it's i problems i to i get i superior i sound i quality i and i low i price i , i although i i i feel i the i player i has i a i lot i of i room i for i improvement i .
after   looking   over   multiple   large   mp3   players   ,   i   decided   to   get   this   one   .
for   the   price   and   size   and   features   ,   you   can't   beat   the   price   .
a 10 gb ipod is just as much and i have heard from multiple sources that the ipod is very loud and you can heard the hard drive everytime it spins , accesses files or does antyhing .
i think the reson for the creative being larger is for sound dampening and protection , whihc is a plus , but then again the reson for the creative is only speculation .
the   buttons   and   interface   are   very   easy   to   use   .
simple click buttons , back buttons , access and use .
but   the   major   problem   i   had   was   with   the   software   .
you   are   not   able   to   simply   import   files   ,   but   rather   you   have   to   go   through   multiple   steps   to   find   them   .
the   instructions   that   come   with   it   don't   explain   how   to   make   things   simple   .
the quick sync isn't any good becuase the quick sync either needs to be configured properly or just isn't very useful .
i   tried   to   make   sense   of   the   file   transfer   program   and   just   got   more   confused   .
i tried to take a cd and simply rip a cd onto a hard drive and then transfer into the player .
well a simple task was not a simple task .
i   ended   up   suing   windows   player   to   make   mp3's   (   actually   wma   files   )   and   then   using   the   probram   to   transfer   .
i think the lack of the mp3 player being able to run without special software is also a downer , becuase it makes it more cumbersome for people less computer illiterate .
buy this for the storage and price , avoid this for the storage and price if you know nothing about computers .
with   this   mp3   player   you   get   much   more   memory   for   much   less   than   an   ipod   .
an   ipod   with   the   same   amount   of   memory   is   $   150   cheaper   .
the   reason   for   this   the   ipod   has   "   a   better   user   interface   "   .
i   have   found   that   the   interface   on   the   nomad   is   very   easy   to   use   if   you   have   a   basic   knowledge   of   a   computer   .
also the ipod has games on the ipod .
games   are   ok   for   a   cell   phone   ,   but   mp3's   are   for   music   .
i   purchased   this   player   last   week   .
i i did i a i little i research i on i the i web i and i this i is i the i player i i i decided i on i .
i   refuse   to   buy   anything   made   by   apple   and   the   nomad   is   about   $   200   cheaper   anyway   .
i   have   had   no   problem   what-so-ever   with   this   product   .
the   software   installed   flawlessly   and   without   any   problems   on   my   windows   2k   machine   .
the headphones aren't the headphones , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity .
the battery life seems good , takes very lttle time to charge , very lttle time to charge uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it's a very user friendly player imo .
i haven't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for i right out of the box .
all-in-all   ,   this   is   another   excellent   creative   product   .
if   you   have   the   money   and   need   40   gb   ,   this   is   the   player   for   you   .
it's   small   ,   light   and   nice   looking   and   the   display   is   decent   as   well   .
i   would   recommend   this   product   to   anyone   .
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i couldn't be happier and i'm convinced it's the best one out there .
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i haven't had a single problem with the software , i'm running windows me .
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it won't take up space on your pc hard drive .
the software runs smooth , it's nice to look at , it's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple .
the   controls   on   the   player   are   very   simple   ,   no   need   for   a   manual   .
the player is fast and sounds great , the music also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making the music sound like you're hearing the music in a huge auditorium .
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .
playlists   can   be   made   on   the   fly   ,   without   aid   of   a   computer   ,   and   you   can   use   play   modes   like   shuffle   and   repeat   for   your   '   now   playing   '   selections   or   playlists   .
the i software i couldn't i be i better i and i the i mp3 i player i works i like i a i dream i , i i i couldn't i give i this i anything i but i a i 5 i , i i i wish i there i was i a i 6 i .
i   purchased   and   returned   this   product   ,   but   not   because   of   any   glaring   flaws   in   the   design   .
it is an extremely cool gizmo .
in fact , everyone who saw it thought i was " the man " and won't believe i returned it .
so   what's   the   problem   ?
i made the mistake of thinking i could easily manage i mp3 library with this device .
i initially loaded about 3700 tracks with the intent of ripping the majority of i remaining cds to mp3 .
i quickly discovered that the nomad wasn't going to work for i .
the   reasons   below   will   be   true   for   any   product   in   this   category   .
here's   why   :
1   .   i   don't   need   the   nomad   at   the   office   .
i my have my my my mp3's my stored my on my my my workstation my .
2 . i don't need the nomad at home for the same reason ( although using it to sync between the two pc's might be a reason enough to get it . )
3 . it's a hazard in the car .
the   navigation   is   nice   enough   ,   but   scrolling   and   searching   through   thousands   of   tracks   ,   hundreds   of   albums   or   artists   ,   or   even   dozens   of   genres   is   not   conducive   to   save   driving   .
(   throw   a   cell   phone   and   you're   asking   for   trouble   .   )   3a   .
creating   playlists   using   the   included   software   to   minimize   issue   3   wasn't   as   easy   as   i   would   have   liked   .
the   bottom   line   :
if i have to get into making playlists to avoid rear-end collisions , i'll just buy a regular portable cd/mp3 player and burn i collections of about 120 tracks per disk .
sure   it's   "   old   school   "   to   carry   a   cd   wallet   around   ,   but   it   will   be   easier   to   manage   and   i'll   save   around   250   bucks   .
one   major   complaint   :
my   only   significant   complaint   is   sound   quality   .
the eax sound enhancement feature didn't do enough for me and a limited 5 band eq was a limited 5 band eq .
this   did   not   give   me   enough   control   .
i   wanted   to   use   the   nomad   with   a   cassette   style   car   adapter   .
i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with i simple portable cd player with " bass boost . "
the   sound   quality   of   my   cd   player   is   superior   in   this   setting   to   the   nomad   .
one   minor   complaint   :
the   documentation   says   to   extend   battery   life   ,   do   not   fill   player   to   capacity   .
gee   ...   thanks   a   lot   creative   .
well   in   the   beginning   i   was   asking   around   for   mp3   players   .
so   then   i   came   across   the   ipod   (   10   gb   )   .
so i i i was i all i excited i about i the i ipod i but i then i the i day i before i i i went i to i best i buy i to i check i out i the i other i mp3 i players i and i i i came i across i this i one i .
well   i   decided   to   get   this   one   .
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket .
well surely a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player -LRB- at that size and the price -RRB- is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze .
enjoy   .
i   was   going   to   get   a   10gb   ipod   ,   but   after   looking   at   the   10   day   warranty   for   ipod   and   www.ipodsdirtysecret.com   (   battery   lasts   18   months   ;
it costs like 200 dollars to replace - now you mail it off to get the battery replaced for like 99 .. .
what a big improvement ... lol ) and the fact that lots of people have had problems with ipods on windows computers , i realized this is a much better buy .
not only is it more affordable , but it a better player for windows , which is what i have .
anyway   ,   on   with   the   review   .
so far i've only had it since i cant tell you much , so i cant tell you much about the battery life .
it hasnt gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i'm at home and not using charge mine whenever i 'm at home ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ).
software   :   for   the   people   who   complain   about   software   ,   please   ,   stop   complaining   .
once you hook the thing up to the computer ( via the usb cable ) , the machine instantly recognizes the fact that it's there & installs the drivers .
from . there . , . you . transfer . files . from . your . computer . to . the . mp3 . player . ( . with . the . help . of . the . media . sniffer . .. . . . read . the . manual . ).
my   only   complaint   would   be   that   you   need   id3   tags   &   that   takes   a   while   to   do   if   your   mp3   files   don't   have   them   .
if you're copying cds with its really simple to give your songs id3 tags , its really simple to give your songs id3 tags , so thats what i do .
oh   ...   and   file   transfers   are   fast   &   easy   .
the   player   :   it's   silver   .
a   little   weighty   (   9   ounces   ...   no   biggie   )   ,   but   otherwise   fine   .
people complain about the scroll wheel , but its not a big deal at all ( though it is just a little annoying at times ) .
it's   easy   .
the   buttons   are   easy   to   use   ,   and   its   easy   to   navigate   .
the   big   backlight   makes   things   easy   to   see   ,   and   the   writing   is   big   enough   for   people   to   see   .
my favorite thing about the nomad is my favorite thing about the nomad .
you can customize bass , etc. like usual , but also you can customize the sound of the player ( like how bass , etc. like usual would sound in a concert hall , jazz club , etc ).
its   really   cool   .
sound quality is amazing. i was expecting worse , but worse really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .
you can also slow a song down & speed a song up , which is cool too .
but   the   earbuds   suck   !
buy new ones asap. every time you move your face or something new ones pop out .
for   a   250   dollar   player   ,   they   could   have   thrown   in   nice   headphones   .
a remote would have been cool too ... but lets not push a remote .
oh   ...   one   more   thing   .
i   forgot   ,   the   case   doesn't   fit   .
my case doesnt close ... maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great .
so far the player froze on me once ( i started pushing buttons before it loaded ) but since is hard drive based - you have to expect that .
so   all   you   do   is   stick   a   pin   or   something   small   in   the   reset   button   &   you're   golden   .
also , you can store data on it , which is a plus. for all you people who want to buy an ipod just to say you have an ipod , don't bother , this is a much better buy .
hope   i   helped   !
i'd like to start off saying that before this product i was using an archos jukebox recorder .. .
what . made . this . product . so . great . to . me . was . the . open . source . os . called . rockbox . .. . .
based on hardware one could assume the archos players were horrible ( which by hardware standards .. . they were ) .. .
but . because . a . few . fine . men . and . women . took . the . time . to . create . the . upstanding . rockbox . software . , . the . archos . became . a . top . notch . player . for . me . with . intuitive . features . out . the . wazoo . .. . .
now . we . come . to . the . zen . xtra . .. . .
first . i'll . start . off . by . saying . that . this . players . hardware . is . pretty . good . .. . .
the . sound . is . indeed . excellent . and . the . form . factore . is . not . bad . ( . but . still . rather . larger . than . i . had . expected . ) . .. . .
what   really   made   this   a   mediocre   mp3   player   for   me   was   the   software   .
not   just   the   transfer   software   (   which   was   a   hellishly   horrible   experience   )   but   also   the   player's   software   .
first   of   all   ,   many   actions   that   the   player   utilizes   don't   make   sense   .   .
bookmarks . for . example . , . are . an . excellent . feature . ... . but . not . on . this . player . .. . .
rather   than   creating   a   directory   for   bookmarks   to   be   found   in   one   area   ,   the   user   must   actually   find   the   track   where   the   bookmark   was   made   .   .
this . makes . no . sense . and . sort . of . defeats . the . purpose . of . audio . bookmarks . .. . .
the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. .
well , anyway i could go on and on on why this player didn't meet my expectations .. .
i'll . just . say . this . .. . .
for   the   average   music   listener   not   expecting   much   ...   this   may   be   a   satisfactory   mp3   player   ...
but . for . someone . who . cares . about . thier . music . collection . and . wants . fluid . and . responsive . playback . .. . . . i . can't . recommend . this . product . .
i became interested in getting a mp3 player when i got a new work computer ; while my office bars the addition of any non-work software , it doesn't care if you load cds onto the hard drive .
over time , i loaded hundreds of cds onto the computer , and the idea of carrying around all of my music with i became attractive .
many   people   recommended   the   ipod   ,   and   i   borrowed   one   from   a   friend   .
while   the   ease   of   use   was   very   impressive   ,   i   was   put   off   by   the   price   --   about   $   130   more   than   what   i   paid   amazon   for   this   player   .
also they , they there they is they the they need they to they send they the they ipod they to they replace they the they batteries they when they they they die they ( they which they they they will they ).
i have had the nomad jukebox for about three weeks now , and i am very happy with it .
it's   only   slightly   heavier   than   the   ipod   ,   and   has   a   longer   battery   life   .
the   storage   capacity   is   great   for   me   --
i have a large but not huge cd collection and have loaded everything i want to listen to on it and still have 13 gigabytes free .
the   controls   are   somewhat   harder   to   use   than   the   ipod   ,   but   i   have   gotten   use   to   them   ,   and   even   at   the   beginning   did   not   think   would   justify   the   huge   difference   in   price   .
loading   cds   was   somewhat   time-consuming   ,   but   i   think   it   would   have   been   with   the   ipod   as   well   .
i had never loaded my cds on to my home computer , using my work computer instead .
my office would not let my put the software on to my work computer .
this meant that i had to take all i cds and do in a fairly short period of time what i had done over a year at work .
if   the   music   had   been   on   my   home   computer   ,   the   transfer   would   have   been   accomplished   very   quickly   .
i have an older computer , running windows 98 se , and so those of you with something more recent would find the process even quicker .
my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way this product concern the tagging process and the way interacts with the software .
when   you   load   a   disc   ,   you   go   to   an   internet   cite   for   the   insertion   of   the   names   for   the   cd   and   the   tracks   .
while   the   listing   process   is   accurate   for   track   names   (   unlike   windows   '   reliance   on   the   amg   ,   which   frequently   gets   track   listings   out   of   order   )   ,   the   results   can   be   odd   .
the   cd   will   be   classified   into   a   number   of   genres   ,   and   in   multidisk   sets   ,   you   can   get   separate   classifications   for   different   disks   by   the   same   artist   and   the   same   performance   .
for   example   ,   jimi   hendrix's   2   cd   live   at   the   fillmore   east   had   one   cd   classifed   as   classic   rock   and   the   other   psychidelic   rock   .
perhaps   the   weirdest   was   one   of   bruce   springsteen's   cds   from   the   tracks   set   being   classified   as   goth   rock   .
you can change any of these , but need to be paying attention when the information is downloaded before you copy the information .
a   somewhat   more   troublesome   problem   is   that   the   internet   site   will   sometimes   give   different   discs   of   the   same   set   slightly   different   names   .
this will cause the discs not to show up together when you are looking for this on the nomad .
again , you can change this , but it's harder to spot a minor variation in the title when you don't have the title of the other disk in front of you .
other   tagging   problems   result   (   i   think   )   from   the   nomad's   operating   system   .
if you have two tracks with exactly the same name on one disk , it will not copy both -- it gives you the option of skipping the second or overwriting the first with the second .
this   is   rarely   a   problem   with   any   kind   of   popular   music   ,   but   can   be   troublesome   with   classical   music   where   tracks   are   identified   by   tempi   .
i   also   had   it   happen   when   recording   a   jazz   set   where   there   were   a   number   of   outtakes   of   the   same   song   without   numbering   them   separately   .
the   way   to   fix   this   is   to   rename   the   track   by   adding   a   number   yourself   to   the   end   of   the   track   listing   .
also , i can't understand why the software does not ignore " the " when the software lists the cds in alphabetical order .
finally   ,   making   playlists   from   the   computer   can   be   complicated   because   the   tracks   are   listed   individually   ,   and   are   organized   by   cd   ,   which   are   not   listed   but   are   organized   in   alphabetical   order   .
in other words , to locate a track using the software on the computer and add it to a playlist , you must know the name of the cd it appears on and then find the track by locating the location of the unlisted cd by looking for tracks that appear on it .
you   don't   have   this   problem   if   you   make   your   playlist   from   the   nomad   ,   where   cds   are   listed   separately   .
you   need   your   computer   ,   however   ,   if   you   want   to   add   tracks   to   a   playlist   .
these are minor problems , and i list them to save anyone else the trouble of discovering them .
had   i   not   been   in   such   a   hurry   to   load   cds   ,   i   would   have   spotted   them   sooner   .
also , if i had already loaded and tagged by cds on i home computer , this would not have been an issue .
the bottom line for me is that me am very happy with this product .
apple's ipod is dominant now , but i have to wonder whether the price differential will mean that in 3 or 4 years the price differential market share will drop significantly .
simply   not   as   friendly   for   functional   as   an   ipod   .
even better , ipod integrates perfectly with itunes so that managing music is managing music .
i just got a 40gb ipod to replace i zen ( a 20gb model ) .
while the ipod's form factor is much here 's , here's where the zen is better .
software   :
a   lot   of   people   complain   about   the   creative   software   ,   but   i   actually   find   creative   mediasource   organizer   to   have   some   strengths   over   itunes   .
first   ,   the   zen   lets   you   sync   to   more   than   one   computer   .
the ipod is a one way only machine - from computer to player .
the   zen   is   an   outstanding   way   to   shuttle   music   between   sources   ,   you   can't   do   this   on   the   ipod   (   except   for   a   cumbersome   work-around   using   the   ipod   as   a   hard   drive   instead   of   a   player   )   .
second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer .
since the ipod lacks this review feature on its auto-sync and it only allows one-way transfers , the first time i connected my ipod to my laptop , i wiped out the 20gb of music i had transferred from my desktop to the ipod .
if the hard drive on your computer should fail , better have your music backed up somewhere or your music gone !
the   zen   serves   as   a   back-up   device   as   well   as   a   player   .
third   ,   creative   software   allows   you   to   keep   two   windows   open   to   look   at   both   the   content   on   the   player   and   the   computer   .
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .
lastly   ,   ipod   /   itunes   will   not   play   wma   formatted   songs   .
if   you   have   a   lot   of   those   ,   be   prepared   to   convert   to   mp3   .
itunes   does   what   apple   is   famous   for   ,   makes   software   that   works   for   the   less   computer   saavy   .
for   those   of   us   that   like   to   tinker   ,   i   think   creative   offers   some   advantages   .
player   controls   :
here's   where   the   ipod   drives   me   nuts   .
the   player   controls   are   too   easy   to   hit   accidentally   .
if   you   happen   to   push   the   wrong   button   ,   you   can   wipe   out   the   order   of   songs   you   had   put   in   .
the   ipod   also   does   not   let   you   see   what's   coming   up   next   on   the   player   .
zen   allows   you   to   scroll   up   and   down   the   song   list   selected   on   the   player   .
it   also   lets   you   remove   songs   from   the   play   order   .
if   you   bring   up   an   album   ,   but   absolutely   hate   some   of   the   tracks   ,   the   zen   will   allow   you   to   delete   that   from   the   playing   order   .
you   have   to   skip   to   the   next   track   when   your   hated   song   comes   up   with   the   ipod   .
lastly   ,   you   cannot   manage   anything   on   the   ipod   itself   .
while you can create a temporary playlist , you can't store a temporary playlist permanently , delete songs , search very easily , etc.
none of these features are available because of the ipod's 1-way transfers - you cannot make changes on the ipod that are premanent .
again , a beautiful thing to look at is a beautiful thing to look at and touch , player controls are less functional .
i   think   the   ipod   versus   zen   typifies   differences   between   apple   and   win   machines   .
win   software   can   be   a   little   cranky   ,   but   much   more   easier   to   customize   to   your   needs   .
with apple , you get a good product , but you get it the way apple wants you to have it .
if i i i had i to i do i this i again i , i i i might i get i the i 40gb i zen i .
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus.
i got this thing for christmas and i have been very happy with it ever since .
i was planning on getting an ipod , but i changed i mind last minute ... mostly because of the whole battery issue , i don't have the patience for those sorta things .
my cuzin got an ipod and i won't say it is an awful product , but i will say that for the price , apple could do better as far as storage and battery life goes .
the   only   thing   i   would   complain   about   the   zen   xtra   is   that   the   controls   aren't   as   easy   as   the   ipod's   ,   or   as   "   sexy   "   looking   .
i got this player for christmas & this was i first time using an mp3 player .
i   have   a   large   collection   of   cds   and   have   loaded   over   100   of   them   so   far   .
the   software   is   quick   &   easy   to   use   &   i   found   the   entire   process   very   easily   mastered   .
as   mentioned   in   other   reviews   the   headphones   are   useless   and   need   to   be   replaced   right   away   !
the my unit my works my great my with my my my cassette my adapter my for my my my car my & my is my also my easily my worked my without my taking my your my eyes my off my the my road my !
i   have   tried   the   belkin   tunecast   mobile   fm   transmitter   but   found   there   was   too   much   interference   .
overall a great unit is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for a great unit .
i   purchased   this   mp3   player   just   last   night   after   doing   some   scouting   around   .
here's   a   basic   run-down   from   what   i   learned   :
flash   card   memory   vs.   hard   drive   (   i.e.   why   does   a   256   mb   player   cost   $$$...and   a   40   gb   (   40,000   mb   )   player   only   cost
mp3 players have either flash card memory or a hard drive in mp3 players .
the   flash   card   memory   is   more   expensive   but   is   very   light   and   compact   .
that's   why   you   have   these   things   that   can   be   keychain   size   .
tiny   !
mp3   players   of   this   kind   of   memory   are   typically   small   and   light   and   have   between   64   mb   -   1.5   gb   of   memory   .
i   am   averaging   4.5   mb   per   song   ,   to   give   you   an   idea   of   how   many   songs   you   can   get   by   the   amount   of   memory   .
(   1   gb   =   1,000   mb   )
hard   drives   (   this   is   what   most   ipods   have   -   and   just   about   all   mp3   players   over   3-5   gb   of   memory   )   .
cheaper to produce , holds a lot , heavier and has moving parts which means it's a little more prone to damage from being banged around .
that said , that are pretty sturdy machines and i wouldn't let this dissuade you from getting an mp3 with a lot of memory .
just   be   aware   of   it   .
this   explains   why   you   see   what   appears   to   be   such   weird   pricing   on   mp3   players   .
a   256   mb   player   (   roughly   60   songs   for   me   )   is   about   x   amount   of   dollars   but   a   30   gb   (   30,000   mb   )   player   (   roughly   6,650   songs   )   sells   for   only   slightly   more   .
it's   because   the   256   player   uses   flash   memory   (   smaller   /   lighter   )   and   the   30gb   uses   a   hard   drive   .
that's the first thing to understand .
so   consider   what   you're   going   to   use   the   device   for   .
if you're a jogger and a jogger want to strap it to your arm , i'd recommend flash memory .
if   you   want   to   listen   to   tunes   while   you   travel   ,   i'd   get   a   hard   drive   because   you   can   put   so   much   on   the   thing   -   including   audio   books   .
review   of   zen   xtra   -   40   gb
the   device   is   larger   than   an   ipod   of   similar   capacity   .
this didn't bother me too much because it's still a decent size .
it it comes it with it a it good it case it that it fits it it it snuggly it .
the   front   cover   (   which   you   remove   to   take   out   the   battery   )   feels   flimsy   but   when   snapped   on   ,   the   device   still   feels   pretty   solid   .
as it some it other it reviewers it noted it , it after it it it was it connected it to it the it computer it for it a it bit it , it it it somehow it stopped it reading it the it player it so it i it had it to it replug it it it .
it   did   not   lock   up   my   computer   or   require   a   reboot   .
the   software   lets   you   pop   in   a   cd   and   then   scans   the   internet   to   name   the   artist   ,   track   name   and   album   name   .
extremely   convenient   .
then it rips the tunes into mp3s and puts mp3s on your computer .
you   can   even   skip   that   step   and   rip   them   directly   from   the   cd   to   the   player   .
(   won't   leave   copy   on   your   computer   .   )
the   pros   and   cons   of   it   :
great   price   .
the   ipod   costs   more   for   the   same   amount   of   memory   .
i   thought   the   software   was   decent   enough   -   it   wasn't   complicated   to   learn   at   all   .
the   scroll   button   is   sort   of   annoying   to   push   -   a   nice   button   would   be   nicer   but   eh   ,   not   a   big   deal   .
it also stores data so i can see i placing some data files on here .
it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it .
for me , the only drawback was the only drawback .
i'm   really   happy   with   this   purchase   .
also , when i installed the software , it said that windows xp hadn't approved something with the drivers , etc - and that continuing it install may cause instability .
if you're like me , me will definitely make you pause .
after i reviewed the manual ( a pdf file included on the cd ) , i felt better because they warned you about the message and said it wouldn't cause problems and , in fact , it hasn't .
so   if   you   have   xp   ,   be   prepared   for   this   and   don't   be   alarmed   .
if you are out for an mp3 player with a lot of memory and do not want to spend a ton of money , i think this is a great purchase and strongly recommend it .
i   would   have   liked   to   have   given   it   4   1/2   stars   docking   that   1/2   star   only   for   the   size   .
i got this a while ago knowing nothing about a while .
it is a beast .
if i wasnt a runner i would take a bullet in the foot for i nomad jukebox .
now   heres   the   stuff   you   should   know   starting   with   the   good   things   :   the   screen   is   really   big   and   the   blue   light   in   the   back   is   perfect   ,   fast   as   hell   in   music   transfer   ,   controls   are   easy   to   use   after   mastering   the   scroll   button   ,   great   sound   and   ive   heard   many   mp3   players   ,   a   ton   of   different   equilizer   type   deals   on   here   .
there   are   a   couple   things   i   didnt   like   though   but   nothing   serious   :   a   little   larger   than   other   mp3s   but   still   light   ,   the   software   takes   some   time   to   get   used   to   (   maybe   10-15   mins   )   ,   and   this   thing   would   definitely   be   destroyed   with   one   fall   .
but it comes with a tank of a case and if you cut a piece out where the screen is you can always keep it in the case and still access everything .
ive   seen   em   all   ,   the   archos   ,   dell   ,   ipods   ,   everything   ...   good   price   and   great   sound   makes   this   one   the   best   in   my   opinion   .
granted   this   is   cheaper   than   an   ipod   .
cheaper   in   every   way   .
its it far it heavier it and it much it larger it which it might it not it seem it to it matter it except it if it you it use it it it while it running it or it keep it it it in it your it pocket it .
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it doesn't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) .
it   also   has   unproven   battery   life   .
everyone who says i can't buy the ipod because after excessive use in a short time ( the man who made the ipod battery life video admitted that he had used the ipod battery life video extensively every day and charged fully every night for those 18 months , conditions under which any rechargeable battery dies .
use this for 18 months every day and see what happens , or look at a 2 year old electric razor and see if it holds the same charge as the first day you had it ) .
while it is an alternative to the ipod and one of the few viable ones its just that , an alternative and why would anyone seek an alternative to something that really needs no alternative choice because theres nothing wrong and everything right with it .
i'd like to see how well a small company supports its mp3 player in 2 years when its battery dies as all rechargeable do .
finally it the it software it used it to it put it all it the it songs it into it it it is it vastly it inferior it to it itunes it on it two it levels it , it first it it it is it poorly it integrated it into it the it overall it player it and it clunky it to it use it especially it with it tagging it and it second it the it wma it audio it format it sucks it , it flat it out it sucks it in it terms it of it sound it quality it compared it with it the it vastly it superior it aac it format it the it apple it ipod it uses it and it it it sticks it you it with it one it of it the it sub it par it paid it music it services it such it as it napster it instead it of it allowing it to it use it the it itunes it store it , it which it , it if it you it ever it plan it to it pay it for it your it music it , it is it by it far it the it best it .
before anyone says hey you haven't used the product , i have , my friend received one for christmas instead of an ipod and has since envied me for my vastly superior product .
pros   :
*   price   and   capacity
*   slick-looking   design   and   improved   interface
*   removable   battery
cons   :
*   protective   case   completely   useless   as   is   since   it   obscures   display   window   .
had   to   cut   out   a   window   using   a   swiss   army   knife   .
how   did   this   gigantic   flaw   go   unnoticed   by   creative   ?
*   scroll   button   more   cumbersome   than   on   earlier   models   .
doesn't   always   register   push-button   movement   .
*   eax   equalizer   accentuates   dimished   quality   of   mp3   files   .
i   have   to   rip   everything   as   a   160   kbps   wma   file   (   as   opposed   to   128   kbps   mp3   )   to   avoid   hearing   digital   garbling   .
*   does   not   provide   enough   volume   when   connected   to   larger   headphones   ,   or   external   receivers   (   car   radio   ).
*   software   is   absolutely   terrible   :
-- > will not automatically transfer songs with identical titles ( if you have live live albums or greatest hits live albums , this will cause you inordinate frustration ).
--   >   does   not   recognize   player   at   random   times   ,   despite   being   connected   and   displaying   player's   library   .
--   >   too   difficult   to   change   genre   /   album   /   track   information   for   large   number   of   tracks   .
--   >   you'll   be   changing   track   information   a   lot   because   the   cd   database   information   utilized   by   the   software   is   mediocre   at   best   .
if   you   have   any   multi-disc   box   sets   ,   you'll   notice   that   the   artist's   name   ,   album   name   ,   and   genre   will   often   change   with   every   disc   .
final   verdict   :
a   good   player   at   a   great   price   with   terrible   software   that   makes   ripping   and   transferring   way   more   difficult   than   it   should   be   .
after   investigating   a   multitude   of   player   options   ,   i   asked   for   and   received   the   60   gb   zen   xtra   for   christmas   .
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box !
i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57,000 mb of free memory available to me .
file   transfers   are   fast   ,   nearly   a   song   per   second   via   usb   2.0   .
several   people   have   complained   of   difficulty   transferring   multiple   songs   with   the   same   title   .
this   is   possible   !   !
since   the   zen   xtra   does   not   use   a   folder   structure   ,   the   "   duplicate   name   "   problem   stems   from   the   actual   file   name   ,   not   from   the   song's   title   /   artist   /   album   .
solution   ?
simply configure the mediasource software ( or windows media player , or your ripper-du-jour ) to create file album names that include artist and ( especially ) album album names in addition to track album names .
using i this i method i , i i i have i not i once i encountered i a i situation i where i a i track i was i rejected i , i and i i i have i plenty i of i duplicate i tracks i on i live i and i compilation i albums i .
even   if   there   happened   to   be   identical   track   titles   on   the   same   disc   ,   you   could   still   edit   the   file   name   manually   and   get   them   both   onto   the   player   .
my   one   issue   with   the   mediasource   software   is   that   ,   despite   pulling   id3   tag   data   from   the   cdds   service   ,   the   ripping   process   fails   to   populate   the   "   year   "   field   .
weird   .
how   does   it   sound   ?
to   my   ears   ,   a   160   kbps   wma   file   sounds   just   as   good   as   the   source   cd   ,   and   the   zen   xtra   sounds   just   as   good   as   a   portable   cd   player   .
no   complaints   there   .
the   eax   features   are   pretty   cool   ,   as   well   ,   as   creative   has   included   a   number   of   eq   adjustments   that   ,   for   example   ,   compensate   for   the   extraneous   noise   encountered   in   a   car   or   on   a   train   .
navigation could be better , but there isn't really anything the zen xtra can't do once you've gotten comfortable with the zen xtra .
at the end of the day , what i wanted was a large-capacity player which allows me to easily play any album from my collection wherever i go , and the zen xtra's combination of price , capacity and features easily meets those criteria .
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift .
i   have   been   ripping   songs   into   it   for   the   past   few   weeks   ,   and   the   ease   of   use   is   wonderful   .
the   memory   will   hold   an   amazing   amount   of   songs   ,   my   entire   collection   of   cd's   will   all   fit   on   this   great   little   tiny   piece   of   digital   fun   .
plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad .
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with .
this is a powerful piece of equipment .
it is great to no longer wonder what music i want to take with i for a cross country flight or a two week trip - now i just take everything .
ripping   the   songs   ,   even   with   my   1.1   usb   connection   is   still   very   quick   ,   and   the   quality   is   very   good   .
considering the price and specs , the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .
before   jumping   on   the   ipod   train   ,   take   a   look   at   this   marvel   .
i'll i state i up i front i that i i i do i not i own i a i zen i xtra i and i have i not i used i one i at i all i .
but   you   might   find   my   review   useful   ,   nonetheless   .
i   purchased   a   jukebox   3   from   creative   almost   a   year   ago   .
two months ago , an internal part failed ( not due to customer abuse ; two months just failed ) .
i got an rma from creative , sent i player in to them for repairs .
it took them twice as long to get to my unit as them said .
